Title: A STAT3 Degrader Demonstrates Pre-clinical Efficacy in Venetoclax resistant Acute Myeloid Leukemia
Abstract: Acute myeloid leukemia (AML) is an aggressive hematologic malignancy that continues to have poor prognosis despite recent therapeutic advances. Venetoclax (Ven), a BCL2-inhibitor has shown a high response rate in AML; however, relapse is invariable due to mitochondrial dysregulation that includes upregulation of the antiapoptotic protein MCL1, a central mechanism of Ven resistance (Ven-res). We have previously demonstrated that the transcription factor STAT3 is upregulated in AML hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells (HSPCs) and can be effectively targeted to induce apoptosis of these aberrant cells. We now show that overexpression of STAT3 alone is sufficient to initiate a strong AML phenotype in a transgenic murine model. Phospho-proteomic data from Ven treated AML patients show a strong correlation of high total STAT3 and phospho-STAT3 [both p-STAT3(Y705) and p-STAT3(S727)] expression with worse survival and reduced remission duration. Additionally, significant upregulation of STAT3 was observed in Ven-res cell lines, in vivo models and primary patient samples. A novel and specific degrader of STAT3 demonstrated targeted reduction of total STAT3 and resulting inhibition of its active p-STAT3(Y705) and p-STAT3(S727) forms. Treatment with the STAT3 degrader induced apoptosis in parental and Ven-res AML cell lines and decreased mitochondrial depolarisation, and thereby dependency on MCL1 in Ven-res AML cell line, as observed by BH3 profiling assay. STAT3 degrader treatment also enhanced differentiation of myeloid and erythroid colonies in Ven-res peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMNCs). Upregulation of p-STAT3(S727) was also associated with pronounced mitochondrial structural and functional dysfunction in Ven-res cell lines, that were restored by STAT3 degradation. Treatment with a clinical-stage STAT3 degrader, KT-333 resulted in a significant reduction in STAT3 and MCL1 protein levels within two weeks of treatment in a cell derived xenograft model of Ven-res AML. Additionally, this treatment significant improvement in the survival of a Ven-res patient-derived xenograft in-vivo study. Degradation of STAT3 resulting in downregulation of MCL1 and improvements in global mitochondrial dysfunction suggests a novel mechanism of overcoming Ven-res in AML. Statement of Purpose Five-year survival from AML is dismal at 30%. Our prior research demonstrated STAT3 over-expression in AML HSPC’s to be associated with inferior survival. We now explore STAT3 over-expression in Ven-res AML, explain STAT3 mediated mitochondrial perturbations and describe a novel therapeutic strategy, STAT3 degradation to overcome Ven-res.