Title: Application of a new highly multiplexed amplicon sequencing tool to evaluate<i>Plasmodium falciparum</i>antimalarial resistance and relatedness in individual and pooled samples from Dschang, Cameroon
Abstract: ABSTRACT Background Resistance to antimalarial drugs remains a major obstacle to malaria elimination. Multiplexed, targeted amplicon sequencing is being adopted for surveilling resistance and dissecting the genetics of complex malaria infections. Moreover, genotyping of parasites and detection of molecular markers drug resistance in resource-limited regions requires open-source protocols for processing samples, using accessible reagents, and rapid methods for processing numerous samples including pooled sequencing. Methods P lasmodium falciparum S treamlined M ultiplex A ntimalarial R esistance and R elatedness T esting ( Pf -SMARRT) is a PCR-based amplicon panel consisting of 15 amplicons targeting antimalarial resistance mutations and 9 amplicons targeting hypervariable regions. This assay uses oligonucleotide primers in two pools and a non-proprietary library and barcoding approach. Results We evaluated Pf -SMARRT using control mocked dried blood spots (DBS) at varying levels of parasitemia and a mixture of 3D7 and Dd2 strains at known frequencies, showing the ability to genotype at low parasite density and recall within-sample allele frequencies. We then piloted Pf -SMARRT to genotype 100 parasite isolates collected from uncomplicated malaria cases at three health facilities in Dschang, Western Cameroon. Antimalarial resistance genotyping showed high levels of sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine resistance mutations, including 31% prevalence of the DHPS A613S mutation. No K13 candidate or validated artemisinin partial resistance mutations were detected, but one low-level non-synonymous change was observed. Pf -SMARRT’s hypervariable targets, used to assess complexity of infections and parasite diversity and relatedness, showed similar levels and patterns compared to molecular inversion probe (MIP) sequencing. While there was strong concordance of antimalarial resistance mutations between individual samples and pools, low-frequency variants in the pooled samples were often missed. Conclusion Overall, Pf -SMARRT is a robust tool for assessing parasite relatedness and antimalarial drug resistance markers from both individual and pooled samples. Control samples support that accurate genotyping as low as 1 parasite per microliter is routinely possible. SCOPE STATEMENT (200) Malaria remains a critical global public health problem. Antimalarial drug resistance has repeatedly undermined control and the emergence of artemisinin partial resistance in Africa is the latest major challenge. Malaria molecular surveillance (MMS) has emerged as a powerful tool to monitor molecular markers of resistance and changes in the parasite population. Streamlined methods are needed that can be readily adopted in endemic countries. We developed P lasmodium falciparum S treamlined M ultiplex A ntimalarial R esistance and R elatedness T esting ( Pf -SMARRT), a multiplex amplicon deep sequencing approach that uses easily accessible products without proprietary steps and can be sequenced on any Illumina sequencer. We validated this tool using controls, including mocked dried blood spots, and then implemented it to evaluate resistance and parasite relatedness among 100 samples from Cameroon. The assay was able to reliably assess the within-sample allele frequency of antimalarial resistance markers and discriminate strains within and between individuals. We also evaluated a more cost-effective surveillance approach for antimalarial resistance polymorphisms using pooled samples. While within-pool frequencies of mutations were accurate in pools with higher numbers of samples, this resulted in the loss of the ability to detect variants uncommon in the pool. Overall Pf- SMARRT provides a new protocol for conducting MMS that is easily implementable in Africa.