

               NDA/BLA Multi-disciplinary Review and Evaluation {BLA 761291}
               teclistamab



                6.3.2.        Clinical Pharmacology Questions
                  6.3.2.1.        Does the clinical pharmacology program provide supportive evidence of
                                  effectiveness?
               Data:
               Teclistamab treatment doses ranging from 0.08 to 6 mg/kg SC were evaluated in MajesTEC1, and
               the registrational treatment dose of 1.5 mg/kg SC weekly was selected based on the PK,
               pharmacodynamic, safety, and efficacy data in MajesTEC1. Following teclistamab treatment dose
               of 1.5 mg/kg SC weekly, mean trough concentrations of teclistamab were maintained above the
               maximum EC90 value identified in the ex vivo cytotoxicity assay and set as a target exposure for
               sustained clinical activity. A positive E-R relationship was observed for ORR assessed by
               investigator based on IMWG 2011 criteria in Phase 1 across the teclistamab exposure range
               associated with SC doses from 0.08 to 3 mg/kg weekly, and the response at the concentration
               range of RP2D is approaching the ORR plateau (ie, maximum response). Additionally, no apparent
               positive E-R trend was observed in the incidence of Grade ≥3 TEAEs of anemia, neutropenia,
               lymphopenia, thrombocytopenia, and infections across the predicted exposure quartiles in
               subjects who received teclistamab SC. None of the subjects who received teclistamab at RP2D
               developed antidrug antibodies against teclistamab.

               The Applicant’s Position:
               The clinical pharmacology findings, including PPK and E-R analyses, provide the scientific and
               quantitative justification for the selected dose of teclistamab SC in treatment of relapsed or
               refractory multiple myeloma.

               The FDA’s Assessment:
               The FDA agrees that the clinical pharmacology program provides supportive evidence of
               effectiveness. The primary evidence of effectiveness is the ORR of 61.8% in the primary efficacy
               analysis set (refer to Section 8.1.2 – Study Results). Supportive evidence of effectiveness from
               the clinical pharmacology program is summarized below.

               E-R for Efficacy: Among 72 patients treated with SC dosage regimens (treatment dose range
               0.08 to 3 mg/kg QW) during Phase 1 of MajesTEC-1, there was a positive relationship between
               the teclistamab average concentration after the first treatment dose (Cave,1stdose) and ORR
               (assessed by investigator based on IMWG 2011 criteria; FDA Figure 2).




               Version date: January 2020 (ALL NDA/ BLA reviews)                                                              57

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA.

Reference ID: 5065872
