
               NDA/BLA Multi-disciplinary Review and Evaluation {BLA 761291}
               teclistamab

                        correlated with teclistamab exposures at the RP2D dose.
               •        An E-R trend was observed for ORR assessed by investigator based on IMWG 2011 criteria in
                        SC subjects in Phase 1 (Phase 1 ORR) where ORR increased with teclistamab exposure across
                        SC doses ranging from 0.08 to 3 mg/kg weekly, approaching plateau at the RP2D of
                        1.5 mg/kg.
               •        No apparent positive E-R trend was observed in the incidence of Grade ≥3 TEAEs of anemia,
                        neutropenia, lymphopenia, thrombocytopenia, and infections across the predicted exposure
                        quartiles in subjects who received teclistamab SC.

             Pharmacodynamics
               •        A rapid decrease in total sBCMA was observed in a majority of responders within the first
                        month of treatment, and a greater reduction in sBCMA tended to occur in subjects with
                        deeper responses to teclistamab at pivotal RP2D and in Phase 1. Responders to teclistamab
                        also showed a trend of sBCMA reduction over time.
               •        Cytokine induction was observed in subjects treated at the pivotal RP2D and in Phase 1, as
                        demonstrated by increases in IL-6, IL-10, IL-2Rα, interferon-gamma (Phase 2 only), and tumor
                        necrosis factor-alpha (Phase 2 only).
               •        T-cell activation was induced following initial doses of teclistamab for subjects treated at
                        RP2D in both Phase 1 and Phase 2, as evidenced by upregulation of CD25, CD38, PD1, human
                        leukocyte antigen-DR isotype, lymphocyte activation gene-3, or T-cell immunoglobulin and
                        mucin domain-containing protein 3 on CD8 and CD4 T cells.
               •        T-cell redistribution was observed in subjects treated at RP2D in both Phase 1 and Phase 2,
                        as demonstrated by reduction in peripheral CD4+ and CD8+ T cells after the initial doses of
                        teclistamab.
               •        Reduction of CD19+ B cells was observed in subjects treated at pivotal RP2D within the first
                        cycle. Persistently decreased levels were noted at Cycle 3.

             Immunogenicity
               •    One of 82 subjects (1.2%) receiving teclistamab IV and 1 of 219 subjects (0.5%) receiving
                    teclistamab SC developed ADAs. These ADAs were neutralizing antibodies to teclistamab.
                    These ADAs had a low titer of 20 and seemed to have no impact on safety in these 2 subjects.
                    Based on available PK data from the subject with IV administration, these ADAs did not seem
                    to affect teclistamab PK.
               •    None (0%) of the 173 subjects who were ADA evaluable for RP2D were identified as positive
                    for antibodies to teclistamab. Overall, the incidence of antibodies to teclistamab was low in
                    subjects treated with either teclistamab IV or SC.
               The Applicant’s Position:
               Clinical pharmacology findings support the registrational treatment dose of teclistamab:
               1.5 mg/kg SC administered weekly, with the first treatment dose preceded by step-up doses of
               0.06 and 0.3 mg/kg.
               Version date: January 2020 (ALL NDA/ BLA reviews)                                                              54

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA.

Reference ID: 5065872

