
               NDA/BLA Multi-disciplinary Review and Evaluation {BLA 761291}
               teclistamab

               reactivity of teclistamab to cynomolgus monkey relative to humans. The no-observed-effect level
               for 5 weekly IV doses of teclistamab-treated monkeys was 30 mg/kg , the highest dose tested,
               with corresponding AUCDay22-29 and Day 22 Cmax mean values of 3549 µg·day/mL and 1084 µg/mL,
               respectively. All doses were expected to be pharmacologically active, as mean serum
               concentrations of teclistamab throughout the treatment periods were higher than the EC50 (0.09
               to 0.48 ug/mL) for cytotoxicity with cynomolgus monkey T cells against cBCMA-expressing target
               cells.

               No evidence of immunotoxicity in cynomolgus monkeys was observed following IV weekly dosing
               in any of the above toxicity studies. While ADAs were detected in a number of animals in the
               toxicology studies, the relationship between immunogenicity in animals and human is not well
               established, and results in animals are not expected to be predictive of the human immunogenic
               response (Bugelski 2004).

               A 3-month toxicity study in cynomolgus monkeys was not conducted due to the absence of
               pharmacologic or toxicologic effects, the high incidence of ADAs in the 5-week study that
               impacted exposure in some animals, and the restricted expression of BCMA to the B cell lineage
               that limits the potential for toxicity on other normal cells and tissues. In accordance with the
               above, the FDA provided feedback via written responses only and agreed a 3-month animal
               toxicology study is not warranted.

               A SC local tolerance GLP study demonstrated teclistamab was well tolerated at injection sites in
               New Zealand rabbits administered a single dose of 20 mg (2.0 mL dose volume) in formulation
               buffer. Because rabbits are not a pharmacologically relevant species, this study only tested the
               local tolerance of the formulation at an antibody protein concentration of 10 mg/mL. The
               formulation buffer contains the same components as the drug product. Additionally, there were
               no adverse injection site findings following repeat-dose IV administration in cynomolgus
               monkeys administered doses of 1, 10, or 30 mg/kg/week.

               The FDA’s Assessment:
               We agree with the Applicant’s assessment of the 5-week repeat-dose toxicity study in
               cynomolgus monkeys; a detailed review of this study is provided below. Lack of PD activity or
               teclistamab-related adverse effects at dose levels expected to be pharmacologically active may
               be attributed to the relatively low binding affinity of teclistamab to cynomolgus monkey BCMA,
               the paucity of BCMA-expressing target cells, and the decreased teclistamab systemic exposure in
               animals affected by ADAs. A longer-duration repeat-dose toxicity study would not provide
               meaningful information and is not warranted. The cynomolgus monkey is a pharmacologically-
               relevant nonclinical species to assess the toxicology of teclistamab and general toxicology studies
               in other species are not warranted.

               We agree with the Applicant’s assessment of the local tolerance study in New Zealand White
               rabbits.

               Study title / Study number: JNJ-64007957 (BCMAxCD3): A 5-Week, Intravenous Repeat-dose GLP

               Version date: January 2020 (ALL NDA/ BLA reviews)                                                              43

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA.

Reference ID: 5065872

               NDA/BLA Multi-disciplinary Review and Evaluation {BLA 761291}
               teclistamab


                        5.5.2. Genetic Toxicology

               The Applicant’s Position:
               Genotoxicity studies were not conducted with teclistamab. As indicated in the ICH S6(R1)
               guidance, genotoxicity studies routinely conducted for pharmaceuticals, are not appropriate for
               biotechnology-derived pharmaceuticals such as monoclonal antibodies.

               The FDA’s Assessment:
               We agree that genotoxicity studies are not needed to support the approval of BLA 761261.
                     5.5.3. Carcinogenicity

               The Applicant’s Position:
               Carcinogenicity studies were not conducted with teclistamab. As indicated in the ICH S9
               guidance, carcinogenicity studies are not warranted to support marketing for therapeutics
               intended to treat patients with advanced cancer.

               The FDA’s Assessment:
               We agree that carcinogenicity studies are not needed to support the approval of BLA 761261.

                        5.5.4. Reproductive and Developmental Toxicology

               The Applicant’s Position:
               No reproductive and developmental toxicity studies were conducted for teclistamab. In
               accordance with ICH S5(R3) and S6(R1) and the US FDA Guidance for Oncology, a weight of
               evidence based on the intended patient population, BCMA target biology including data from
               genetically modified mice that lack BCMA, the mechanism of action of teclistamab and published
               data on trafficking of antibodies has been provided in Module 2.4 “Reproductive and
               Developmental Studies” to provide information on pregnancy risk. Teclistamab is not expected
               to be teratogenic based on the restricted expression of BCMA on plasma cell lineage compared
               with other normal cells and tissues and the on-target specificity of teclistamab.

               The FDA’s Assessment:
               We agree with the Applicant’s WOE-based approach for the assessment of reproductive and
               developmental toxicity. There is no BCMA gene or protein expression in human reproductive
               organs; therefore, the risk of on-target/off-tumor toxicity in these tissues is relatively low. In the
               5-week repeat-dose toxicity study in cynomolgus monkeys, there were no findings in
               reproductive tissues. Mice deficient in BCMA developed normally.

               In the tissue cross-reactivity study with normal human tissues (see 5.5.5. Other Toxicology
               Studies), teclistamab stained mononuclear leukocytes in the ovary and prostate. Teclistamab is a
               T-cell redirecting bsAb; risks associated with T-cell activation include cytokine release and
               associated inflammatory effects. The occurrence of inflammatory AEs in the mother may
               adversely affect the pregnancy or the developing fetus. Teclistamab may cross the placenta to
               the developing fetus similarly as an endogenous IgG antibody. It is unknown if the level of BCMA
               Version date: January 2020 (ALL NDA/ BLA reviews)                                                              45

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA.

Reference ID: 5065872
