
               NDA/BLA Multi-disciplinary Review and Evaluation - Supplemental BLAs 125554 and 125377
               OPDIVO (nivolumab) and Yervoy (ipilimumab)
               and both with a lower predicted median and overlapping Gr2+ IMAEs than that for adults using
               the approved N1I3 dosing regimen followed by nivolumab maintenance. Higher Gr2+ IMAEs
               predicted for adult may be due to body weight being a significant predictor, with higher risk
               associated with higher body weight and older age subjects. On the other hand, the effect of
               both nivolumab and ipilimumab exposures when dosed in combination is relatively flat.
               Therefore, the moderate exposure increase in adolescent subjects relative to adults is not
               predicted to result in an increased risk of Gr2+ IMAEs for adolescents.
               Data Supporting the Dose Recommendation for Nivolumab Monotherapy in Adolescent
               Adjuvant Treatment of Melanoma
               Adult flat dosing exposures were used as a reference. Results of the nivolumab simulations
               indicate that for adolescents ≥ 40 kg with advanced solid tumors receiving the flat dosing of 240
               mg Q2W, nivolumab steady state exposures were expected to exceed the adult exposure range,
               resulting in up to 9.6%, 9.5% and 12.6% higher Cavgss, Cminss, and Cmaxss, respectively (Table
               13). It should be noted that the upper range of the exposure difference is expected in only the
               lowest body weight band (40 to 60 kg) in adolescents and supports the rationale to use body
               weight based dosing for subjects < 40 kg. However, for adolescents ≥ 40 kg flat dosing is still
               recommended despite the higher adolescent exposures versus adult exposures, since
               adolescent exposures are still well below the exposures observed with the clinically tolerated
               dose of nivolumab 10 mg/kg Q2W in adults. Similar findings were observed with the Q4W
               regimens of 480 mg (Table 14).
               The supporting E-R safety analysis predicted numerically lower median Gr2+ IMAEs with
               overlapping 90% PIs for adolescents compared to adults when using the approved adult dosing
               regimens (Table 15 and Table 16). Model-predicted Gr2+ IMAEs for adolescents receiving
               nivolumab 3 mg/kg Q2W (< 40 kg), 240 mg (≥ 40 kg) Q2W or nivolumab 3 mg/kg Q2W with or
               without a dose cap are similar and both lower than that for adults using the approved 240 mg
               Q2W dosing regimen (Table 15). Similarly, model predicted Gr2+ IMAEs for adolescents
               receiving nivolumab 6 mg/kg Q4W (< 40 kg), 480 mg (≥ 40 kg) Q4W or nivolumab 6 mg/kg Q4W
               with or without a dose cap (Table 16) are similar and both lower than that for adults using the
               approved 480 mg Q4W dosing regimen.

               The FDA’s Assessment:
               FDA agrees with the Applicant’s position.
               The Applicant’s approach and assessment involving PK-based extrapolation from adults to
               pediatric patients (12 years and older) with unresectable or metastatic melanoma and with
               melanoma with lymph node involvement or metastatic disease that has been completely
               resected was found acceptable based on
               1) similarity of disease in adults versus in adolescent patients
               2) comparable or <40% higher predicted nivolumab and ipilimumab exposures for pediatric
                   patients with the approved adult dosing regimen. Higher exposures in pediatric patients (12

                                                                 55
                                           Version date: June 2022 (ALL NDA/ BLA reviews)

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA.


Reference ID: 5127294

