Title: Demonstration of the Antitumor Activity of the iNKT Agonist ABX196, a Novel Enhancer of Cancer Immunotherapy, in Melanoma and Hepatocarcinoma Mouse Models.
Journal: Molecular cancer therapeutics
Abstract: UNLABELLED: Immune checkpoint blockers (ICB) provide a promising approach to antitumor immunotherapy through blockade of immunosuppressive pathways. The synthetic glycolipid, ABX196, is a potent stimulator of invariant natural killer T cells (iNKT), a small subset of regulatory lymphocytes, which are powerful enhancers of immunity when activated. ABX196 was investigated alone and in combination with chemotherapy and ICBs in a melanoma B16F10 tumor cell-bearing and an orthotopic Hepa 1-6 hepatocarcinoma (HCC) cell-bearing C57BL/6 mice model. In the melanoma model, immune response evaluation included immunofluorescence staining and detection by flow cytometry to identify anti-CD45, anti-CD8, anti-CD4, anti-CD3, anti-CD19, anti-FoxP3, CD1d tetramer, and anti-programmed cell death protein 1 (PD-1) markers. Analysis by MRI, liver weight, and IHC staining to detect CD4, CD8, F4/80, PD-1, programmed death-ligand 1, Ki67, and FoxP3 markers were used to measure antitumor response in the HCC model. Combination treatment with ABX196 and anti-PD-1 resulted in significant synergistic antitumor effects, reflected by the increase of CD8+ cells in the tumor and an increased ratio of CD8+ effector cells to FoxP3+ regulatory T cells (Treg) in mice with melanomas. ABX196 monotherapy and combination therapy resulted in antitumor effects in the HCC model. No significant differences in survival were demonstrated between monotherapy and combination therapy due to high response levels with either treatment. A synergistic combination effect was apparent when IFNγ was measured in peripheral blood, indicating sustained activation of iNKT cells. In both models, the antitumor effects were associated with a generation of a more advantageous T-effector to Treg cell ratio within the tumor, which could lead to in the proliferation and accumulation of cells that would otherwise be anergized. SYNOPSIS: Using melanoma and HCC tumor models in mice, this study demonstrates the potential of ABX196, alone and in combination with anti-PD-1 antibody, as a novel strategy to overcome the immunosuppressive microenvironment and to produce antitumor activity.