Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Market Information

Our common stock currently trades on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol “IMVT”.

Holders of Record

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company is the transfer agent and registrar for our common stock. As of the close of business on May 14, 2026, we had three holders of record of our common stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders and includes shareholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include shareholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities.

Dividend Policy

We have never declared or paid any dividends on shares of our common stock. We anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings, if any, for use in the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the sole discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, cash requirements, financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant.

103

Table of Contents

Stock Performance Graph

This performance graph shall not be deemed “soliciting material” or to be “filed” with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

The following graph shows a comparison from March 31, 2021 through March 31, 2026 of the cumulative total return for an investment of $100 in our common stock, the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index and the Nasdaq Composite Index and assumes the reinvestment of dividends. The returns shown are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

None.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

None.