
               NDA/BLA Multi-disciplinary Review and Evaluation {BLA 761291}
               teclistamab
               The FDA agrees that no alternative dosing regimen of teclistamab is required based on intrinsic
               patient factors including age (24 to 84 years), sex, race (White, Black or African American),
               ethnicity (Hispanic/Latino, not Hispanic/Latino), mild or moderate renal impairment (eGFR by
               MDRD method: 30 to 89 mL/min), or mild hepatic impairment (total bilirubin less than or equal
               to ULN with AST greater than ULN or total bilirubin greater than 1 to 1.5 times ULN with any
               AST). Refer to Section 19.4.2.2 for details regarding covariate evaluation on PK parameters and
               exposure. Dedicated studies in patients with severe renal impairment or moderate or severe
               hepatic impairment are not required given that teclistamab is a large biologic and PK is not
               expected to be significantly altered by renal or hepatic impairment.

                  6.3.2.4.        Are there clinically relevant food-drug or drug-drug interactions, and
                                  what is the appropriate management strategy?
               Data:

               Teclistamab is administered via SC injection and its absorption is not expected to be impacted by
               food. Teclistamab is not metabolized via CYP enzymes and is not expected to directly affect the
               CYP enzymes. Therefore, no nonclinical or clinical drug-drug interaction studies were performed.

               The Applicant’s Position:
               The initial release of cytokines associated with the start of teclistamab treatment could suppress
               CYP enzymes. CYP substrates with a narrow therapeutic index should be used with caution in
               patients receiving teclistamab. These patients should be monitored for toxicity (eg, warfarin) or
               drug concentrations (eg, cyclosporine) for 48 hours after administration of all doses within
               teclistamab step-up dosing schedule and for patients who develop CRS. The dose of the
               concomitant drug should be adjusted as needed.

               The FDA’s Assessment:
               The FDA agrees that teclistamab is not expected to have relevant food-drug interactions or
               drug-drug interactions as a victim.

               Teclistamab may act as a perpetrator of drug-drug interactions. Increased concentrations of
               cytokines may reduce expression and activity of cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzymes (Lee 2010).
               Teclistamab causes release of cytokines due to its mechanism of action. Serum concentrations of
               IL-6, IL-10, TNF-α, IFN-γ, and IL-2R were measured before and after administration of step-up
               dose 1, step-up dose 2, and the first 3 treatment doses in patients treated with the
               recommended SC dosage regimen during Phase 1 of MajesTEC-1 (n=40). IL-6, IL-10, and IL-2R
               were elevated after administration of teclistamab, with the largest geometric mean fold change
               from baseline observed 48 hours after the first treatment dose for IL-6 and IL-2R or 48 hours
               after step-up dose 2 for IL-10 (FDA Figure 4). Limited sample size (n=9) was available at the 48 hr
               post-dose timepoint for both step-up dose 1 and step-up dose 2. Excluding these data, the
               largest geometric mean fold change from baseline for IL-10 was observed 48 hours after the first
               treatment dose, consistent with the time of peak fold change in IL-6 and IL-2R. Additional sparse
               cytokine data (IL-6, IL-10, TNF-α, and IFN-γ at baseline, prior to the first treatment dose, and
               48 hours after the first treatment dose) were available from patients treated with the
               Version date: January 2020 (ALL NDA/ BLA reviews)                                                              67

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA.

Reference ID: 5065872

                 NDA/BLA Multi-disciplinary Review and Evaluation {BLA 761291}
                 teclistamab
                 activity is predicted to return to at least 80% of baseline within approximately 7 to 8 days
                 (depending on the enzyme) of the first treatment dose. Limitations of the Applicant’s PBPK
                 model include the lack of clinical drug interaction data for model verification, the evaluation of
                 only IL-6 effects on CYP activity, and sensitivity of the model predictions to assumed parameters
                 (e.g., in vitro CYP suppression parameters from previous publications).

                 While uncertainties remain in the absolute magnitude of potential drug interactions after
                 administration of teclistamab, the available cytokine data, the profile of CRS occurring primarily
                 after the step-up doses and first treatment dose (see Section 8.2.5.1 – Cytokine Release
                 Syndrome), and the predictions from the Applicant’s PBPK model all suggest the highest risk of
                 drug-drug interaction is expected to occur early during treatment with teclistamab (up to
                 approximately one week after the first treatment dose) and during and after CRS. Patients
                 receiving concomitant sensitive CYP substrates where small changes in concentration may lead
                 to increased adverse events should be monitored for toxicity or concentration as appropriate.
                 The dose of the CYP substrate should be adjusted as needed.




             X          X



                 Lauren Price, PharmD                                Nan Zheng, PhD
                 Robyn Konicki, PharmD                               Jiang Liu, PhD
                 Primary Reviewers                                   Team Leaders




                 Version date: January 2020 (ALL NDA/ BLA reviews)                                                              69

                 Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
                 Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA.

Reference ID: 5065872
