               NDA Multidisciplinary Review and Evaluation
               NDA 214783
               Rezurock (belumosudil)


               The absence of respiratory findings in the repeat study was not due to a lack of exposure and
               the same rat strain was employed in both studies. Exposures to belumosudil at 350 mg/kg were
               higher (3-5 fold in males and females) based on AUC compared to the previous study despite
               the lack of any notable findings. The positive control increased tidal volume and decreased
               respiration rate in both studies, which confirms the sensitivity of the assay. The studies were
               conducted in two different CROs. The lack of findings may indicate a difference in assay
               proficiency between CROs.

               Cardiovascular
               We note that the ECG examinations in the 1-month dog study were unremarkable; however,
               assessments were estimated earlier than the Tmax post-dose; ECGs were assessed at 1-hour
               post-dose while the Tmax was 4-9 hours post-dose. Thus, the ECG evaluation was conducted at
               an inappropriate post-dose time.

               Toxicokinetic Parameters in Dogs in One-Month Repeat Dose Study




               (Excerpted from Applicant’s NDA)




               5.4 ADME/PK
               The Applicant’s Position:

               Pharmacokinetics/Toxicokinetics

               Nonclinical exposure data used for GLP safety pharmacology and GLP repeat-dose toxicokinetic
               analyses were assessed using fully validated liquid chromatography with tandem mass
               spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) bioanalytical methods that were comparable to the methods utilized
               for human pharmacokinetics (PK) determination.
               Following oral administration, the plasma t½ of belumosudil was variable across the nonclinical
               studies with values of approximately 2 hours in mouse, 1-7 hours in rat and rabbit, and
               1-5 hours in dog. Belumosudil and metabolite exposure generally increased in a dose or greater
               than dose proportional manner, and accumulation increased with higher doses. Accumulation
                                                                     44

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA. The FDA's position is highlighted in gray.


Reference ID: 4827003

               NDA Multidisciplinary Review and Evaluation
               NDA 214783
               Rezurock (belumosudil)

               In the dog cardiovascular safety pharmacology study, belumosudil demonstrated low
               magnitude lowering of systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, and mean arterial
               pressure in female dogs at 150 mg/kg. These cardiovascular effects were low magnitude at
               exposures similar to those expected in human subjects at the recommended clinical dose and
               no blood pressure effects have been observed clinically (Section 8.3.5).


               The FDA’s Assessment:

               We have noted some neurological, respiratory, and cardiovascular findings in the safety
               pharmacology studies. The cardiovascular effect was evident in the in vitro hERG assay (see
               above the Applicant’s assessment). While the in vivo cardiovascular study did not show an
               apparent adverse finding, this might have been due to the study design. See below for
               additional information.

               Neurological

               In the rat CNS safety pharmacology study (Study No.            -602031), at approximately 2 hours
                                                                             (b) (4)


               post-dose, there was a significant decrease in the total (↓53%) and ambulatory (↓69%) motor
               activity counts for the males at 350 mg/kg. Lower total (↓41%) and ambulatory (↓50%) motor
               activity counts were noted in the females at 350 mg/kg at the 1-hour post-dose interval (not
               statistically significant). Statistically significant lower body temperature was observed for the
               females at 350 mg/kg from 2 to 4 hours (up to 2.2 °C lower compared to pre-dose).

               Respiratory

               The Applicant conducted two GLP-compliant respiratory safety pharmacology studies, (GLP,
                       602030 and GLP,             8289751). In both studies, belumosudil was administered once
               (b) (4)                     (b) (4)


               orally to male and female Sprague Dawley rats at 50, 175, and 350 mg/kg and the effects on
               respiration rate, tidal volume and minute volume were evaluated.

               In study     -602030, lower minute volume was observed at 175 mg/kg, and lower respiratory
                         (b) (4)


               frequency, lower tidal volume (in males only), and lower minute volume were observed in
               males and females at 350 mg/kg when compared to vehicle controls. The respiratory effects
               (e.g. minute volume and respiratory frequency decrease) at 350 mg/kg were more pronounced
               for the males and were considered adverse. The safety margin at 350 mg/kg in males with
               respiratory effects based on exposure (AUC0-24 29110 ng·h/mL) was approximately 1.3X the
               human AUC at the recommended 200 mg dose.

               A repeat (Study No.8289751) of the above respiratory safety pharmacology study failed to
               reproduce and/or confirm the adverse respiratory findings observed in males at doses ≥ 175
               mg/kg during a head-out plethysmography evaluation of rats following the administration of
               belumosudil at doses ≤ 350 mg/kg.
                                                            43

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA. The FDA's position is highlighted in gray.


Reference ID: 4827003

               NDA Multidisciplinary Review and Evaluation
               NDA 214783
               Rezurock (belumosudil)

               of belumosudil and metabolites was not observed in pregnant rats or rabbits. In rats, females
               exhibited higher belumosudil plasma exposure compared to males. No apparent sex differences
               were observed in dogs (mice and rabbits were not evaluated for sex differences).
               Absorption

               Belumosudil solubility decreased as pH increased between pH 2.0 and 6.8 (nonGLP,
               Study ADME-KAD-200402-Kinetic Solubility).
               In mice, belumosudil was found to be rapidly absorbed with maximum concentrations of
               belumosudil and metabolites being reached within 1 hour after both single and repeat doses.
               Rate of absorption appeared to be slower in rats and dogs with maximum exposure observed
               predominantly between 2 and 8 hours for all analytes at every dose level following single or
               repeat oral administrations; variations in peak exposure tended to occur in rats where Tmax was
               observed up to 24 hours for all analytes. The extent of absorption was variable in mice and rats
               with bioavailability (%F) of belumosudil at 12-85% between 10-150 mg free base/kg.
               Distribution

               In in vitro studies, belumosudil was > 99% bound to animal (mouse, rat, rabbit, dog) and human
               plasma proteins (NonGLP, Study ADME-KAD-200410-PPB and KDM/06).
               In vi