               BLA Multidisciplinary Review and Evaluation
               BLA 125557 S-023 and S-026
               Blincyto (blinatumomab)


                 FDA Figure 3: Exposure-Response Relationship for Treatment Grade 3 and above TEAEs
                 Related in Study 215 and Arms B and D of Study 1331




                 Source: FDA Reviewer’s Analysis



               6.2.2.2. Therapeutic Individualization
               The Applicant’s Position:
               No therapeutic individualization is needed to the currently approved dosing regimen based on
               evaluation of the effect of intrinsic factors on PK. Similar to data presented in the sBLAs
               supporting the accelerated approval of the MRD-positive ALL indication (seq no. 0155) and
               regular approval of the relapsed or refractory ALL indication (seq no. 0095), age, sex, race, and
               disease type (ie, non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma [NHL], ALL) and disease burden for ALL (ie, relapsed
               or refractory ALL, MRD-positive ALL) did not show clinically meaningful impact on the PK of
               blinatumomab in pediatric and adult subjects suggesting no dose adjustment required for these
               factors. Dose adjustment is not recommended for subjects with mild or moderate renal
               impairment or with hepatic dysfunction. In addition, population PK analyses support the
               recommended dosing regimens for the treatment of patients with MRD-positive ALL. In line

                                                                     32

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA. The FDA's position is highlighted in gray.

Reference ID: 5193267

               BLA Multidisciplinary Review and Evaluation
               BLA 125557 S-023 and S-026
               Blincyto (blinatumomab)

                 FDA Figure 1: Kaplan-Meier Plots By Css Quartile for PK Available Subjects of Study
                 20120215




                 Source: Figures 13-5 of Applicant’s ER Analysis Report for S23

                 FDA Figure 2: Comparison of Blinatumomab Exposures (Css) in Subjects With or Without
                 Adverse Event of Any Grade for CRS and Neurological Events in Pediatric Subjects With
                 High-risk First Relapsed ALL Following Blinatumomab Treatment in Study 20120215




                 Source: Figures 13-6 of Applicant’s ER Analysis Report for S23


                                                                           31

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA. The FDA's position is highlighted in gray.

Reference ID: 5193267

               BLA Multidisciplinary Review and Evaluation
               BLA 125557 S-023 and S-026
               Blincyto (blinatumomab)

               with previous sBLAs, no covariates other than body surface area (BSA) on clearance (CL) were
               identified as significant. The BSA effect on CL was minimal in subjects ≥ 45 kg supporting fixed
               dosing in these subjects. BSA-based dosing is recommended for subjects < 45 kg. No dose
               adjustment is recommended based on the other covariates evaluated in the population PK
               analyses.

               The FDA’s Assessment:
               The FDA agrees with the Applicant that no therapeutic individualization is needed to the
               currently approved dosing regimen based on evaluation of the effect of intrinsic factors on PK.
               See Section 6.2.2.1 for details.


               Outstanding Issues
               N/A

               The FDA’s Assessment:
               The FDA agrees with the Applicant that there are no outstanding issues for Clinical
               Pharmacology portion of this sBLA submission.


               6.3      Comprehensive Clinical Pharmacology Review
               6.3.1 General Pharmacology and Pharmacokinetic Characteristics
               The Applicant’s Position:
               The clinical pharmacology of blinatumomab has been discussed in the Summary of Clinical
               Pharmacology of previous sBLAs, most recently supporting the regular approval of the adult
               and pediatric relapsed or refractory ALL indication (sequence number [seq. no.] 0095) and the
               accelerated approval of the MRD-positive ALL indication (seq. no. 0155).
               The new clinical pharmacology information includes an assessment of blinatumomab PK in
               pediatric subjects with high-risk first relapsed ALL in Study 20120215 and updated comparison
               of blinatumomab PK in pediatric and adult subjects across other blinatumomab clinical studies.
               A summary is provided below.
               Blinatumomab PK in pediatric subjects with high-risk first relapsed ALL were consistent with
               those observed in pediatric and adult subjects from previous blinatumomab studies. The
               mean (standard deviation [SD]) steady state concentration (Css) at 15 μg/m2/day and CL of
               blinatumomab in pediatric subjects with high-risk first relapsed ALL were within the ranges of
               those previously reported in pediatric subjects with relapsed or refractory ALL from Studies
               MT103-205 and 20130265 when considering the high observed intersubject variability,
               supporting similar PK between the pediatric subject populations. In addition, the PK
               parameters and Css values of pediatric subjects were comparable to those of adult subjects.
                                                                     33

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA. The FDA's position is highlighted in gray.

Reference ID: 5193267
