
               NDA/BLA Multi-disciplinary Review and Evaluation {BLA 761291}
               teclistamab

                         5.3 Referenced NDAs, BLAs, DMFs

               The Applicant’s Position:
               There are no referenced NDAs, BLA, or Drug Master Files related to nonclinical pharmacology or
               toxicology for teclistamab.

               The FDA’s Assessment:
               We agree that no other applications are being referenced to support the approval of BLA
               761291.

                         5.4 ADME/PK

               The Applicant’s Position:
               The nonclinical PK program characterized the linearity, dose proportionality, and immunogenicity
               of teclistamab in cynomolgus monkeys, the pharmacologically relevant species (see Section 5.3).

               •        In repeat-dose IV toxicity studies dosed for up to 5 weeks, most cynomolgus monkeys
                        administered teclistamab weekly demonstrated continuous exposure at concentrations
                        expected to be pharmacologic based on in vitro assays.

               •        At doses >0.1 mg/kg/week, systemic exposure increased in a dose-proportional manner,
                        with no apparent sex-related differences and minimal accumulation (approximately 2-fold)
                        in the study.

               •        Among the 30 cynomolgus monkeys dosed with teclistamab in the IV 5-week study, 21 tested
                        positive for the presence of ADA. Seven of the 21 ADA-positive animals had lower exposure
                        compared with other animals in the same group. The total of 7 animals includes 1, 2, and 2
                        animals in the 1, 10, and 30 mg/kg/week groups, respectively, during the Day 22 dosing
                        period and 1 animal each in the 1 and 10 mg/kg/week groups on Day 29.

               •        Conventional distribution, metabolism, and excretion studies were not conducted for
                        teclistamab since it is an IgG-based bispecific antibody with a molecular weight of
                        approximately 146,000 kD.

               The FDA’s Assessment:
               Teclistamab TK parameters from the 5-week repeat-dose toxicology study in cynomolgus
               monkeys are described in FDA Table 1; this study evaluated the IV route of administration,
               whereas the clinical route of administration is SC. The local tolerance study in New Zealand
               White rabbits did not evaluate teclistamab TK parameters.

               TK data from general toxicology studies

               JNJ-64007957 (BCMAxCD3): A 5-Week, Intravenous Repeat-dose GLP Toxicity Study in
               Cynomolgus Monkeys with a 8-Week Recovery Period / T-2016-030


               Version date: January 2020 (ALL NDA/ BLA reviews)                                                              41

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA.

Reference ID: 5065872

               NDA/BLA Multi-disciplinary Review and Evaluation {BLA 761291}
               teclistamab

               reactivity of teclistamab to cynomolgus monkey relative to humans. The no-observed-effect level
               for 5 weekly IV doses of teclistamab-treated monkeys was 30 mg/kg , the highest dose tested,
               with corresponding AUCDay22-29 and Day 22 Cmax mean values of 3549 µg·day/mL and 1084 µg/mL,
               respectively. All doses were expected to be pharmacologically active, as mean serum
               concentrations of teclistamab throughout the treatment periods were higher than the EC50 (0.09
               to 0.48 ug/mL) for cytotoxicity with cynomolgus monkey T cells against cBCMA-expressing target
               cells.

               No evidence of immunotoxicity in cynomolgus monkeys was observed following IV weekly dosing
               in any of the above toxicity studies. While ADAs were detected in a number of animals in the
               toxicology studies, the relationship between immunogenicity in animals and human is not well
               established, and results in animals are not expected to be predictive of the human immunogenic
               response (Bugelski 2004).

               A 3-month toxicity study in cynomolgus monkeys was not conducted due to the absence of
               pharmacologic or toxicologic effects, the high incidence of ADAs in the 5-week study that
               impacted exposure in some animals, and the restricted expression of BCMA to the B cell lineage
               that limits the potential for toxicity on other normal cells and tissues. In accordance with the
               above, the FDA provided feedback via written responses only and agreed a 3-month animal
               toxicology study is not warranted.

               A SC local tolerance GLP study demonstrated teclistamab was well tolerated at injection sites in
               New Zealand rabbits administered a single dose of 20 mg (2.0 mL dose volume) in formulation
               buffer. Because rabbits are not a pharmacologically relevant species, this study only tested the
               local tolerance of the formulation at an antibody protein concentration of 10 mg/mL. The
               formulation buffer contains the same components as the drug product. Additionally, there were
               no adverse injection site findings following repeat-dose IV administration in cynomolgus
               monkeys administered doses of 1, 10, or 30 mg/kg/week.

               The FDA’s Assessment:
               We agree with the Applicant’s assessment of the 5-week repeat-dose toxicity study in
               cynomolgus monkeys; a detailed review of this study is provided below. Lack of PD activity or
               teclistamab-related adverse effects at dose levels expected to be pharmacologically active may
               be attributed to the relatively low binding affinity of teclistamab to cynomolgus monkey BCMA,
               the paucity of BCMA-expressing target cells, and the decreased teclistamab systemic exposure in
               animals affected by ADAs. A longer-duration repeat-dose toxicity study would not provide
               meaningful information and is not warranted. The cynomolgus monkey is a pharmacologically-
               relevant nonclinical species to assess the toxicology of teclistamab and general toxicology studies
               in other species are not warranted.

               We agree with the Applicant’s assessment of the local tolerance study in New Zealand White
               rabbits.

               Study title / Study number: JNJ-64007957 (BCMAxCD3): A 5-Week, Intravenous Repeat-dose GLP

               Version date: January 2020 (ALL NDA/ BLA reviews)                                                              43

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA.

Reference ID: 5065872
