               NDA Multidisciplinary Review and Evaluation
               NDA 214783
               Rezurock (belumosudil)

               53% lower CL/F compared to healthy volunteers.

               Drug-drug interactions – Belumosudil as a victim

               The FDA does not agree with the Applicant’s position that no dose adjustments are required for
               concomitant CYP3A4 inducers or PPIs.

               CYP3A Inducers

               The FDA notes that rifampicin, a strong CYP3A inducer, significantly reduced belumosudil Cmax
               by approximately 60% and overall exposure by approximately 72%. Population PK (popPK)
               analysis also showed that oral clearance (CL/F) with concomitantly administered CYP3A4
               inducers was 2.88 times the CL/F in healthy volunteers without CYP3A4 inducers. Additional
               information regarding the population PK analysis is provided in Section 16.4.2.

               Given that CYP3A4 inducers significantly reduce belumosudil exposure, the FDA recommends
               that belumosudil 200 mg be administered twice daily (BID) with food when administered
               concomitantly with strong CYP3A4 inducers.

               Proton-pump Inhibitors

               The Applicant evaluated the impact of PPIs on belumosudil exposure in healthy subjects in
               Study KD025-107. In Part 1, subjects received multiple doses of 20 mg rabeprazole followed by
               a single dose of belumosudil 200 mg in the fed state. In Part 2, subjects received multiple doses
               of 20 mg omeprazole followed by a BID dose (once every 12 hours) of belumosudil 200 mg in
               the fed state. The PPI rabeprazole reduced belumosudil Cmax by up to 87% and overall
               exposure by up to 80%. The impact of co-administered rabeprazole and omeprazole on
               belumosudil exposure is shown in Table 11.

               Table 11. Impact of Co-administered PPIs on belumosudil exposure, expressed as GMR




               In addition, the PopPK analysis showed that concomitant PPI administration had a statistically
               significant effect on exposure by reducing belumosudil bioavailability by approximately 48%
               compared to no PPI administration. Out of the 178 patients with cGVHD included in the E-R
               analysis, 9 patients had concomitant administration of either esomeprazole or rabeprazole,
               which decreased belumosudil exposure up to 80% (categorized as “strong” PPIs in the studies),
               and only 5 of these patients received 200 mg QD.
                                                              114

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA. The FDA's position is highlighted in gray.


Reference ID: 4827003

               NDA Multidisciplinary Review and Evaluation
               NDA 214783
               Rezurock (belumosudil)

               that were used in Studies KD025-208 and KD025-213 are not labeled for dose adjustment with
               MATE/MATE2K inhibitors.

               Transporter Induction: Belumosudil is not an inducer of CYP3A4 in vitro and therefore was not
               evaluated for P-gp induction.

               The Applicant’s Position:

               Food Effect

               The belumosudil should be administered with food. There is increased exposure after fed
               administration and the Phase 2 studies were conducted with fed administration.

               Victim Drug-Drug Interactions

               CYP3A4 Induction and Inhibition: These clinical study results indicate that CYP34A enzymes
               impact the metabolism of belumosudil; however, no dose adjustment is needed for
               concomitant CYP3A4 inducer or inhibitor administration given the flat exposure-efficacy and
               exposure-safety relationships across the evaluated exposure range.

               PPI: The clinical study results indicate that an increase in gastric pH led to decreased solubility
               of belumosudil thus resulting in decreased absorption of belumosudil; however, no dose
               adjustment is needed for concomitant PPI use given the flat exposure-efficacy relationships
               across the evaluated exposure range.

               Perpetrator Drug-Drug Interactions

               The potential inhibtion of belumosudil and CYP3A4 (time dependent) and CYP3A4 gut, P-gp,
               BCRP, OATP1B1, MATE1, and MATE2K is being further evaluated in PBPK modeling. The risk of
               belumosudil inhibition by transporters is low, as only 2 drugs commonly used in the cGVHD
               population are labeled for dose adjustment with transporter inhibition.

               The FDA’s Assessment:

               Food Effect

               FDA agrees with the Applicant’s position regarding the food effect.

               The effect of food on belumosudil when given with food was evaluated under Study KD025-106,
               a 3-way crossover, open-label study in healthy subjects who were dosed in either the fasted or
               fed (high fat breakfast) state. The high fat breakfast included 144 kcal from protein, 280 kcal
               from carbohydrates, and 486 kcal from fat. Results showed a half-life of 11.16 h in the fasted
               state and 6.98 h in the fed state. Administration of 200 mg belumosudil tablet in the fed state
               resulted in an increased exposure in terms of Cmax and AUC when compared to the fasted
               state. It should be noted that based on popPK analysis, patients with cGVHD had approximately
                                                                113

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA. The FDA's position is highlighted in gray.


Reference ID: 4827003

               NDA Multidisciplinary Review and Evaluation
               NDA 214783
               Rezurock (belumosudil)

               Given that 200 mg QD is the lowest dose studied and the significant reduction of belumosudil
               exposure expected with co-administration of these strong PPIs, there is a potential for
               compromised efficacy following the 200 mg QD belumosudil and co-administration of strong
               PPIs, such as esomeprazole and rabeprazole used in the studies. To reduce the risk of lower
               efficacy in patients with the extremely low exposures with coadministration of strong PPIs, a
               higher dosing regimen was considered. Due to the lack of definition of weak/moderate/strong
               PPIs in the clinical practice, dose adjustment only for strong PPIs concomitant use is not
               practical. The dose adjustment was determined based on the pooled exposure from the mixed
               weak/moderate/strong PPIs usage. PPK analysis using the data from the two pivotal studies
               indicated that with the concomitant use of PPIs, the dosing regimen of 200 mg BID is expected
               to provide closer AUC24,ss compared to that following 200 mg QD without concomitant PPIs
               use, while the AUC24,ss following 400 mg QD with concomitant use of PPIs would be much
               higher than that following 200 mg QD without concomitant PPIs use (Figure 2). As such, a dose
               adjustment to 200 mg BID in the presence of concomitant PPIs would potentially prevent
               exposures that would fall below the AUC0-24,ss observed during the pivotal studies. Given that
               Study KD025-208 showed the highest rate of Grade 4 a