
               NDA/BLA Multi-disciplinary Review and Evaluation - Supplemental BLAs 125554 and 125377
               OPDIVO (nivolumab) and Yervoy (ipilimumab)
               In summary, the totality of the safety data supports the use of nivo mono and nivo + ipi in
               adolescents ≥ 12 years as treatment for advanced melanoma and the use of nivo monotherapy
               in adolescents ≥ 12 years as treatment for adjuvant melanoma.
               The FDA’s Assessment:
               The assessment of safety of nivolumab as a single agent and in combination with ipilimumab,
               and ipilimymab in combination with nivolumab was based primarily on data from previously
               conducted studies CA209067, CA209915 and CA209238 and from clinical pharmacology
               analyses (population PK data and E-R safety analysis) that support the recommended doses for
               the extension of the approved indications for the nivolumab as a single agent and in
               combination with ipilimumab, and ipilimumab in combination with nivolumab adult melanoma
               indications to a pediatric population 12 years of age and older. The pediatric safety data
               submitted from the pivotal trial includes 126 pediatric patients that were treated with either
               nivolumab as a single agent (n=80) or nivolumab in combination with ipilimumab (n=46). Due to
               the limited median duration of treatment on this study (median duration of treatment was 0.84
               months for nivolumab as a single agent and 0.72 months for nivolumab in combination with
               ipilimumab) conclusions could not be made regarding the pediatric safety profile of nivolumab
               and ipilimumab based on the results of these studies alone.

               As the safety of nivolumab and ipilimumab has been previously reviewed and characterized in
               adult patients with resectable, unresectable and metastatic melanoma and also in other tumor
               types, FDA did not conduct an in depth analysis of the data from Studies CA209067, CA209915
               or CA209238 during the review of this supplemental BLA. Safety results of Studies CA209067
               and CA209238 served as the basis for prior approvals of nivolumab and ipilimumab and
               therefore have previously been reviewed in detail.

               SUMMARY AND CONCLUSIONS

                        Statistical Issues
               The FDA’s Assessment:
               Efficacy analyses for Study CA209070 were descriptive in nature and there was no
               demonstration of any clinically meaningful anti-tumor activity in the pediatric study. No
               statistical analyses were conducted by FDA.


                        Conclusions and Recommendations
               The FDA’s Assessment:
               FDA concludes that the data submitted to support the extension of the nivolumab and
               ipilimumab adult indications to a pediatric population 12 year of age and older sufficiently
               support approval of the proposed doses. The safety and efficacy of nivolumab and ipilimumab
               has been well characterized in adult patients with resectable, unresectable, and metastatic
               melanoma. The population PK and E-R safety and efficacy analysis, and the known similarities
               between adolescent and adult melanoma further support the extension of the approved
                                                              134
                                       Version date: June 2022 (ALL NDA/ BLA reviews)

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA.

Reference ID: 5127294

               NDA/BLA Multi-disciplinary Review and Evaluation - Supplemental BLAs 125554 and 125377
               OPDIVO (nivolumab) and Yervoy (ipilimumab)
               9        Advisory Committee Meeting and Other External Consultations

               The FDA’s Assessment:
               The Division did not refer the application to the Oncologic Drug Advisory Committee (ODAC) or
               seek input from Special Government Employees (SGEs) for these supplemental BLAs as no
               significant review issues were identified during the review.


               10 Pediatrics

               The Applicant’s Position:
               Development in pediatric populations for nivolumab and ipilimumab included submission of a
               proposed pediatric study report (PPSR), discussions with and feedback received from the FDA,
               followed by issuance of a Pediatric Written Request (PWR) by the FDA for both nivolumab and
               ipilimumab. As of 20-Jul-2017, the FDA determined that the PWR for ipilimumab was fulfilled.
               The current nivolumab PWR, which includes Amendment 03, lists a request for non-clinical
               biomarker studies in pediatric tumor tissues, a clinical study (Study 1: ADVL1412/ CA209070),
               and pharmacokinetic analyses to establish pediatric dosing recommendations for nivolumab
               alone and in combination with ipilimumab in advanced melanoma.
               Based on the similarity of melanoma between adolescents (≥ 12 to < 18 years) and adults,
               demonstrated by comparable general clinical characteristics, risk factors and maturation of
               immune system in adolescents, a similar exposure-response (E-R) relationship to treatment
               with nivolumab ± ipilimumab between adolescent and adult subjects with melanoma is
               expected. BMS developed a population pharmacokinetic (PPK) model using pooled data from
               CA209070 and other pediatric and adult studies to characterize pediatric PK in order to define
               recommended dosing regimens for nivolumab and nivolumab in combination with ipilimumab
               for the treatment of pediatric patients (12 years and older) with melanoma in support of
               efficacy extrapolation from adult to pediatric patients.
               BMS requests the following:
               •    Determination of pediatric exclusivity for nivolumab, based on the results of the studies
                    (non-clinical biomarker studies, CA209070, and pharmacokinetic analyses) conducted
                    according to the nivolumab PWR. As part of the supplemental BLAs.
               •    Extension of the approved adult indications of nivolumab in advanced and adjuvant
                    melanoma to include pediatric (12 years and older) patients, with a data package that
                    includes the following clinical studies: CA209070, CA209915, CA209067, and CA209238.

               The FDA’s Assessment:
               FDA Pediatric Exclusivity Review Board reviewed the Pediatric Exclusivity Determination

                                                                 136
                                           Version date: June 2022 (ALL NDA/ BLA reviews)

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA.

Reference ID: 5127294
