September 26, 2024
Oncologic Drugs Advisory Committee Meeting

       Those who voted “No”, commented on the negative data that was seen in PDL <1 cohort
       and that cutoff appeared to be at least reasonable. There was variability in where
       Committee members believe that the cut off should lie. The one Committee member who
       voted to abstain stated that their reasoning for voting this way was due to the
       insufficiency of data presented. Please see the transcript for details of the Committee’s
       discussion.

Afternoon session

   1. DISCUSSION: FDA would like the committee to discuss the risk and benefits of the
      treatment with anti PD-1 antibodies for the first line treatment of patients with metastatic
      or unresectable esophageal squamous cell carcinoma with PD-L1 expression <1.

       Committee Discussion: Although the committee generally agreed that the favorable risk-
       benefit of PD-1 inhibitors was limited to patients with PD-L1 greater than 1, concerns
       regarding the review of the data included the sample sizes of the subgroup analyses.
       Please see the transcript for details of the Committee’s discussion.


   2. VOTE: Is the risk: benefit assessment favorable for the use of anti-PD-1 antibodies in
      first line unresectable or metastatic esophageal squamous cell carcinoma with PD-L1
      expression <1?

       Vote Result: Yes: 1             No: 11               Abstain: 1

       Committee Discussion: The majority of the panel agreed that the benefit assessment is
       not favorable for the use of anti-PD-1 antibodies in first line unresectable or metastatic
       esophageal squamous cell carcinoma with PD-L1 expression <1. Although committee
       members noted the small sample sizes of the PD-L1 negative subgroups, overall the
       committee felt that patients with tumors that were PD-L1 of 1 or greater benefited from
       treatment with a PD-1 inhibitor; however, the totality of data in patients with PD-L1
       expression of less than one did not support a favorable risk-benefit assessment. Please
       see the transcript for details of the Committee’s discussion.


The meeting was adjourned at approximately 4:30 p.m.




                                             Page 9 of 9
