Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

We are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates. Our primary exposure to market risk is interest rate sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates, particularly because our investments, including cash equivalents, are in the form of money market funds and marketable securities and are invested in U.S. treasury or government obligations and corporate securities. However, because of the short-term nature of the duration of our portfolio and the low-risk profile of our investments, we believe an immediate 10% change in market interest rates would not be expected to have a material impact on the fair market value of our investments portfolio or on our financial condition or results of operations.

We are also exposed to market risk related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We contract with vendors that are located in Asia and Europe and certain invoices are denominated in foreign currencies. We are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency rates in connection with these arrangements. We do not currently hedge our foreign currency exchange rate risk. As of June 30, 2026, we had no significant liabilities denominated in foreign currencies.

Inflation generally affects us by increasing our cost of labor, third party vendors, and clinical trial costs. The global macroeconomic environment has experienced, and continues to experience, extraordinary challenges. These macroeconomic factors have contributed, and we expect will continue to contribute, to increased costs, among other concerns. We cannot predict how long these inflationary pressures will continue, or how they may change over time, but we expect to see continued impacts on the global economy, our industry and our company. If inflationary pressures continue to persist, they may continue to have an adverse impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. As a result of the inflationary environment, however, interest rates have increased, which has resulted in higher interest income rates than were previously realized.