

               NDA/BLA Multi-disciplinary Review and Evaluation - Supplemental BLAs 125554 and 125377
               OPDIVO (nivolumab) and Yervoy (ipilimumab)
               Q2W for ipilimumab in pediatric patients weighing <40 kg.

                                General Dosing and Therapeutic Individualization

                           6.2.2.1.     General Dosing

               The Applicant’s Position:
               Proposed Dosage and Administration
               Recommended doses and schedules are presented in Table 3.

               Confirmation of the selected Doses and Regimens
               • Clinical efficacy and safety results: The recommended dosing regimens were supported by
                  the nivolumab and ipilimumab PPK and E-R safety analyses to support the PK-based efficacy
                  extrapolation from adult pivotal efficacy studies to adolescents in advanced melanoma and
                  adjuvant treatment of melanoma.
               • PPK analysis: The PK of nivolumab is adequately characterized by a 2 compartment, zero-
                  order IV infusion PK model with time-varying CL for advanced melanoma and solid tumor,
                  and with stationary CL for adjuvant treatment of melanoma. The PK of ipilimumab is also
                  adequately characterized by a 2 compartment, zero-order IV infusion PK model with time-
                  varying CL for advanced melanoma and solid tumors. Details of the PPK assessments to
                  characterize adolescent PK for nivolumab and ipilimumab are provided in section 6.3 and
                  the Appendix.
               • Exposure-Response safety analysis:
                  Dosing Recommendation for Advanced Melanoma Nivolumab Monotherapy
                  Despite higher exposures predicted for adolescents versus adults when given the adult
                  approved dosing regimens (exposures exceeding the adult range up to 25.0%, 26.0% and
                  31.6% higher Cavgss, Cminss, and Cmaxss, respectively for 240 mg Q2W and up to 32.8%,
                  31.4% and 41.2% higher Cavgss, Cminss, and Cmaxss, respectively for 480 mg Q4W), the
                  pooled E-R safety analysis predicted lower median Gr2+ IMAEs with overlapping 90% PIs in
                  adolescents versus adults when using the approved adult dosing regimens (Table 6 and
                  Table 7). Body weight-based dosing for adolescent < 40 kg is recommended and avoids the
                  potential for higher exposure in low body weight subjects using adult flat dosing.
                  Dosing Recommendation for Advanced Melanoma Nivolumab in Combination with
                  Ipilimumab
                  Despite higher exposures predicted for adolescents versus adults when given the adult
                  approved dosing regimens (exposures exceeding the adult range up to 15.7%, 19.3%, and
                  26.1% higher Cavg4, Cmin4, and Cmax4, respectively for nivolumab and up to 39%, 56%,
                  and 35% higher Cavg4, Cmin4, and Cmax4, respectively for ipilimumab), the pooled E-R
                  safety analysis predicted lower median Gr2+ IMAEs with overlapping 90% PIs in adolescent
                  versus adult when using the approved adult dosing regimens (Table 11 and Table 12).
                  Nivolumab maintenance dosing after the combination uses the same dosing
                  recommendations for nivo mono.
                                                                 59
                                           Version date: June 2022 (ALL NDA/ BLA reviews)

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA.


Reference ID: 5127294
