
               NDA/BLA Multi-disciplinary Review and Evaluation {BLA 761291}
               teclistamab

               of MajesTEC-1 (30 September 2021).

               Analysis of efficacy endpoints was based on the Efficacy Analysis Set. The primary efficacy
               variable (ORR) was based on response assessment performed by an IRC. The primary efficacy
               measure (ORR) and its 2-sided 95% exact CI for each cohort were presented. Subjects with no
               postbaseline data were considered as non-responders. Response after the start of subsequent
               therapy was not considered. Sensitivity analyses of ORR was performed using disease response
               based on computerized algorithm and investigator assessment according to IMWG criteria. The
               kappa statistics and 95% CI were calculated for assessing agreement between IRC assessment
               and computerized algorithm assessment for response (response of PR or better versus. no
               response). The key secondary efficacy endpoints are noted above. DOR was calculated for each
               subject in the Efficacy Analysis Set who achieved a response (PR or better) based on disease
               progression or death due to any cause for the purposes of this Assessment Aid. The distribution
               of DOR was estimated using the Kaplan-Meier method. For VGPR or better rate, CR or better rate,
               sCR rate, and ORR in subjects with high risk, the rate and its 2-sided 95% exact CI will be
               presented. The MRD-negative rate and its 2-sided 95% exact CI were presented; the threshold
               value of 10-5 was used for the primary MRD-negativity analysis. TTR was analyzed for subjects
               who achieved a response (PR or better) and descriptive statistics are provided. The Kaplan-Meier
               method was used to estimate the distribution of overall PFS and OS and the medians with 95%
               CI were provided.

               The FDA’s Assessment:
               The FDA does not agree with basing the primary efficacy analysis on the Efficacy Analysis Set.
               According to the statistical analysis plan (SAP), the Efficacy Analysis Set included all treated
               patients who received the first dose of study intervention on or before 18 March 2021 in phase 1
               at the RP2D and in phase 2 Cohort A. However, the FDA considered the primary efficacy results
               for phase 1 and phase 2 separately. Phase 1 was designed as a dose finding study with the
               primary objective to determine the RP2D and evaluate safety and tolerability. Heterogeneity may
               be introduced in combining data from the two phases with different primary objectives.
               Therefore, FDA’s primary efficacy analysis was based on the 110 patients from phase 2 Cohort A
               only.

               According to the SAP, the primary hypothesis test was comparison of the null hypothesis (H0) of
               ORR ≤30% against the alternative hypothesis (H1) of ORR >30% (45% was used for the sample
               size calculation). To demonstrate efficacy of the product, the study planned to enroll at least 100
               patients to achieve >85% power to reject H0 at a 2-sided significance level of 0.05. The FDA
               noticed that the justification for the historical 30% reference rate was not documented in the
               BLA submission. In February 2022, the Agency sent an information request to the Applicant
               requesting justification for the historical reference rates. The Applicant responded that the ORR
               threshold of 30% established for Cohort A was based on the published results at the time for
               approved therapies. Specifically, these included belantamab mafodotin from the DREAMM-2 trial
               (ORR 31%; 97.5% CI: 20.8% to 42.6%; Lonial 2020) and selinexor from the STORM trial (ORR 26%;
               95% CI: 19% to 35%; Chari 2019).

               Version date: January 2020 (ALL NDA/ BLA reviews)                                                              76

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA.

Reference ID: 5065872

               NDA/BLA Multi-disciplinary Review and Evaluation {BLA 761291}
               teclistamab

                 Amendment 6          • To investigate an SC administration method of teclistamab, which would reduce study
                 12 March 2019          drug administration duration and was hypothesized to reduce the risk of CRS, compared
                                        with IV dosing
                                      • To clarify the SET could recommend alternative dosing schedules that gradually
                                        extended the dosing interval from weekly dosing to Q2W dosing
                 Amendment 7          •   To add Time and Events Schedules to support twice-weekly dosing, and to update rules
                 23 May 2019              for dose escalation in the standard titration phase based on the safety and
                                          pharmacodynamic profile




               Version date: January 2020 (ALL NDA/ BLA reviews)                                                              78

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA.

Reference ID: 5065872
