               NDA/BLA Multi-disciplinary Review and Evaluation {BLA 761291}
               teclistamab

               populations from MajesTEC-1.


               Figure 1: Analysis Populations; MajesTEC-1




               CCO=clinical cutoff; IV=intravenous(ly); RP2D=recommended Phase 2 dose, SC=subcutaneous(ly)
                     Subjects treated at RP2D in Phase 1 are presented in both pivotal RP2D data and Phase 1 (dose escalation/dose expansion) data.
                    A subject must have received the first dose of teclistamab on or before this date to be included in the indicated population.
                     One subject in the 6 mg/kg SC cohort who received their first step-up dose on 17 March 2021 was excluded from the efficacy analyses
                     for Phase 1 (dose escalation/dose expansion) because the cohort was incomplete at the time of the data cutoff for inclusion in efficacy
                     analysis and the only subject enrolled in it had not yet received a treatment dose.
                   All subjects treated with teclistamab IV received their first dose prior to 18 March 2021.
                     As described in this section, subjects evaluated in Stage 1 of the analysis for Cohort C were included in the efficacy analysis, all of whom
                     received at least 1 dose of teclistamab on or before 23 March 2021.

               Clinical Cutoff Dates

               Per protocol for MajesTEC-1, the primary analysis for the BLA is based on a clinical cutoff of
               07 September 2021. A subset of key efficacy data were also analyzed based on a clinical cutoff of
               09 November 2021 to assess these parameters with longer follow-up. Specifically, analyses
               reflecting longer follow-up are provided for the pivotal RP2D primary efficacy endpoint of ORR
               (subjects with PR or better) by IRC assessment, as well as for selected secondary and exploratory
               efficacy endpoints. These data are presented in addenda to the CSR, SCE, and CO. Table 6
               summarizes the clinical cutoffs for each type of data presented in this Assessment Aid, which is
               aligned with data reported in the proposed USPI.




               Version date: January 2020 (ALL NDA/ BLA reviews)                                                                                               82

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA.

Reference ID: 5065872

               NDA/BLA Multi-disciplinary Review and Evaluation {BLA 761291}
               teclistamab

               Institutional Review Board. Subjects provided their written consent to participate in the study
               after having been informed about the nature and purpose of the study, participation/termination
               conditions, and risks and benefits of treatment.

               The Applicant’s Position:
               This study was conducted in accordance with the CFR governing the protection of human subjects
               (21 CFR part 50), Institutional Review Boards (21 CFR part 56), and the obligation of clinical
               investigators to GCP (21 CFR 312.50 to 312.70).
               The FDA’s Assessment:
               FDA agrees with the Applicant’s position. The MajesTEC-1 trial was compliant with Good Clinical
               Practices and no issues were identified that indicate a significant risk to the data quality.

               Financial Disclosure

               Data:
               The 1362 principal investigators and subinvestigators participating in MajesTEC-1 were assessed
               for financial disclosures as defined in 21 CFR Part 54, and none had disclosable financial interests.
               Further details of financial disclosure are provided in Section 19.2.

               The Applicant’s Position:
               The Applicant has adequately assessed clinical investigators                             for    any    financial
               interest/arrangements and no disclosable financial interests were found.

               The FDA’s Assessment:
               FDA reviewed the submitted financial disclosure form 3454 and agrees with the Applicant’s
               position.

               Patient Disposition

               Data:
               Analysis Populations

               The Applicant proposes an initial BLA to be based on data in which teclistamab is administered
               as monotherapy in adult patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma. These data are
               derived from the Phase 1/2 Study 64007957MMY1001 (MajesTEC-1).

               The primary efficacy analyses presented in this section are based on the Efficacy Analysis Set,
               which is defined as all subjects who received at least 1 dose of teclistamab on or before 18
               March 2021. The primary safety analyses presented in Section 8.2.1 are based on the All Treated
               Analysis Set, which is defined as all subjects who received at least 1 dose of teclistamab on or
               before 07 September 2021. Pivotal data are from subjects treated at RP2D in either Phase 1 or
               Cohort A in Phase 2. The same rules to determine analysis sets were applied to supportive data
               from subjects treated in Phase 1 (dose escalation/dose expansion) and subjects treated in Cohort
               C, except that the Efficacy Analysis Set for Cohort A consisted of subjects included in Stage 1 of the
               Simon’s 2-stage analysis. Figure 1 summarizes the pivotal and supportive efficacy and safety
               Version date: January 2020 (ALL NDA/ BLA reviews)                                                              81

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA.

Reference ID: 5065872

