               BLA Multidisciplinary Review and Evaluation
               BLA 125557 S-023 and S-026
               Blincyto (blinatumomab)

                 FDA Table 3. Study 20120215 Schedule of Activities




                 Source: Study 20120215 Table 7-1



               Statistical Analysis Plan
               The Applicant’s Position:
               Event-free survival is a composite endpoint that accounts for not only survival but also
               measures durable CR, which is desired in patients with acute leukemias. Additionally, it can
               be assessed before a survival benefit can be demonstrated, it is not affected by crossover or
               subsequent therapies, and it is generally based on objective and quantitative assessments.
               Therefore, Amgen in agreement with the European Medicines Agency Pediatric Committee
               (PDCO) decided to utilize EFS as the primary endpoint to demonstrate clinical benefit in
               Study 20120215. This is in line with anticancer guidelines, Committee for Medicinal
               Products for Human (CHMP) guidance on Evaluation of Anticancer Medicinal Products in
               Man (EMA/CHMP/205/95/Rev.5) and US FDA Guidance for Industry Clinical Trial Endpoints
               for the Approval of Cancer Drugs and Biologics (US FDA, 2007).
               Event-free survival was calculated from the date of randomization to the date of relapse or

                                                                   48

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by
               the Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA. The FDA's position is highlighted in
               gray.

Reference ID: 5193267

               BLA Multidisciplinary Review and Evaluation
               BLA 125557 S-023 and S-026
               Blincyto (blinatumomab)

               μg/day). For interruptions due to clinically relevant neurologic events, after resolution to
               grade ≤ 1, blinatumomab was to be resumed at the reduced dose for the remainder of
               treatment. Additional details on dose modification and supportive care for clinically relevant
               neurologic events are provided in Section 6.2.2.2 of the Study 20120215 Protocol. The re-
               start of blinatumomab infusion was to be performed in the hospital under supervision of the
               investigator.
               Blinatumomab was to be permanently discontinued in the event of:
                    •   Relapse
                    •   Adverse event(s) requiring dose interruption at the 5 μg/m2/day dose
                    •   Clinically relevant toxicities that in the investigator’s view imposed an unacceptable
                        safety risk to the subject
                    •   Clinically relevant neurologic events related to blinatumomab (defined in Appendix H
                        of the protocol) that needed more than 1 week to resolve to grade ≤ 1, were grade 3
                        or 4, occurred occur after re-start of treatment
                    •   Any adverse events meeting the criteria for interruption that did not resolve to
                        CTCAE grade ≤ 1 within 1 week or more than 2 interruptions per cycle due to adverse
                        event
                    •   A medical condition, which in the view of the investigator did not indicate a benefit
                        of blinatumomab for the subject
                    •   Withdrawal of subject’s consent to study treatment
               Criteria for dose modification and treatment discontinuation of HC3 are described in Section
               6.3.2 of the Study 20120215 Protocol.
               The FDA’s Assessment:
               FDA agrees that subjects were randomized to receive one cycle of chemotherapy (HC3) or
               one cycle of blinatumomab following two cycles of chemotherapy. FDA agrees with the dose
               modification and discontinuation instructions for blinatumomab.


               Monitoring Plan
               The Applicant’s Position:
               An independent data monitoring committee (DMC) external to Amgen oversaw the interim
               analyses and also assessed safety at regular intervals (approximately every 6 months) during
               the course of the study.
               The FDA’s Assessment:

               The Schedule of Activities for safety monitoring is shown in FDA Table 3.



                                                                   47

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by
               the Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA. The FDA's position is highlighted in
               gray.

Reference ID: 5193267

               BLA Multidisciplinary Review and Evaluation
               BLA 125557 S-023 and S-026
               Blincyto (blinatumomab)

               M2 bone marrow after having achieved CR, failure to achieve CR at the end of treatment,
               second malignancy, or death due to any cause, whichever occurred first. Subjects who did
               not achieve CR or died before the end-of-treatment disease assessment were assigned an
               EFS duration of 1 day. Subjects who did not experience an EFS event were censored at their
               last evaluable disease assessment date.
               For EFS, an enrollment target of approximately 202 subjects and the observation of
               94 events would give approximately 84% power using a 2-sided alpha level of 0.05. The
               calculation was based on a non-cured hazard ratio of 0.63, a control true cure rate of 40%, a
               control true median EFS of 7 months among non-cured patients, a true treatment cure rate
               of 56.2%, and a true treatment median EFS of 11.1 months among non-cured subjects.
               Two interim analyses were planned to assess benefit when approximately 50% and 75% of
               the total number of EFS events were observed; O’Brien-Fleming stopping boundaries were
               calculated with the use of a Lan-DeMets alpha spending function (O-Brien and Fleming,
               1979; Lan and DeMets, 1983). Testing of the secondary endpoints was planned to be
               descriptive at the interim analyses.
               Overall survival, the universally accepted direct measure of clinical benefit in oncology
               studies, was a key secondary endpoint and was calculated as the time from randomization
               to death.
               Minimal residual disease response was defined as MRD level < 10-4 by PCR or flow
               cytometry following HC3 or blinatumomab therapy.
               Time-to-event endpoints were summarized using the Kaplan-Meier method, and treatment
               arms were compared using two-sided stratified log-rank tests. Treatment effects were
               expressed as a hazard ratio with a 95% confidence interval (CI), estimated using a stratified
               Cox regression model. Percentages with exact 95% CIs summarized response endpoints.
               The percentage of subjects in each treatment arm with a MRD response (ie, MRD level < 10-
               4
                 at end of treatment [day 29]) was summarized with an exact binomial 95% CI. In addition,
               a 2-sided Cochran Mantel-Haenszel test, which adjusted for the stratification factors at
               randomization, described the difference in MRD response between treatment arms. The
               cumulative incidence of relapse was analyzed using an extension of the Cox regression
               model, whereby deaths that occurred before relapse and unrelated to an otherwise
               undocumented re