April 12, 2024
Oncologic Drugs Advisory Committee Meeting

Questions to the Committee:

1. DISCUSSION: Discuss the adequacy of the available data to support the use of minimal
   residual disease (MRD) as an accelerated approval endpoint in multiple myeloma (MM).

    Committee Discussion: Overall, the Committee agreed that the available patient level data
    and the biologic plausibility supported the use of MRD as an intermediate endpoint for
    accelerated approval in MM. Committee members acknowledged that MRD as an endpoint
    represents a major opportunity for acceleration of drug development in MM, particularly in
    the front-line setting. Several Committee members acknowledged that the studies and
    analyses conducted were well done and they had confidence in the data presented. Some
    Committee members expressed concern that clinical trials utilizing MRD may not capture the
    full toxicity profile of drugs being studied, and follow-up for long term outcomes like
    progression free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) and dose optimization will remain
    important. One member mentioned that more data may be needed to analyze MRD as an
    endpoint for later lines of therapy for relapsed/refractory MM. Please see the transcript for
    details of the Committee’s discussion.

2. DISCUSSION: Discuss whether the available data supports the use of MRD as an endpoint
   in the different MM disease settings.
       • Newly diagnosed MM
       • Relapsed/Refractory MM

    Committee Discussion: The majority of the Committee members concurred that the available
    data supports the use of MRD as an endpoint in both the newly diagnosed and
    relapsed/refractory MM disease settings. A few Committee members stated that the available
    data in the relapsed/refractory MM setting is weaker compared to the data in the newly
    diagnosed MM setting. Most members assessed that the data in both disease settings were
    adequate and pointed out that some of the analyses showing less association in
    relapsed/refractory MM were likely confounded by the smaller number of patients in those
    clinical trials. One Committee member noted that since the duration of remission gets shorter
    with each relapse more than four studies may be needed to demonstrate a difference in MRD
    negativity in this setting. Please see the transcript for details of the Committee’s discussion.

3. DISCUSSION: Discuss the acceptability of the timepoints for MRD assessment:
      • 9-months, 12-months, MRD negative complete response at any time
      • Requirement for assessment of durability

    Committee Discussion: The Committee generally agreed that the 9-month and 12-month
    timepoints were acceptable for MRD assessment. A couple of Committee members
    recommended that sustained MRD negativity may be helpful to assess durability. Several
    members commented that, while the proposed time points have been well studied, it is the
    responsibility of the clinician or researcher to decide whether to conduct additional MRD
    testing for additional timepoints or durability and correlation with long term outcomes. One


                                            Page 5 of 6
