               BLA Multidisciplinary Review and Evaluation
               BLA 125557 S-023 and S-026
               Blincyto (blinatumomab)

                    week blocks of blinatumomab (Arm B).
               •    Compare OS of LR B-ALL patients who are randomized following Induction Block 1
                    chemotherapy to receive either chemotherapy alone (Arm C) or chemotherapy plus
                    blinatumomab (Arm D).

               In addition, a key exploratory objective was to compare the rates of MRD positivity in the
               HR/IR group between Arms A and B after Block 2 and Block 3 of therapy. The study design is
               shown below in FDA Figure 7.

               FDA Figure 7. Study AALL1331 Trial Design




                                                                   92

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by
               the Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA. The FDA's position is highlighted in
               gray.

Reference ID: 5193267

               BLA Multidisciplinary Review and Evaluation
               BLA 125557 S-023 and S-026
               Blincyto (blinatumomab)

               on level of risk. High-risk and intermediate-risk (HR/IR) subjects (including MRD-positive
               subjects) were randomized to either a control arm with 2 additional blocks of
               chemotherapy, or an experimental arm with 2 blocks of blinatumomab. Low-risk subjects
               were randomized to either a control arm with 2 blocks of chemotherapy followed by
               continuation and maintenance chemotherapy, or an experimental arm with 1 block of
               chemotherapy, 2 blocks of blinatumomab, each followed by continuation and a third
               additional block of blinatumomab followed by maintenance. In September 2019, Study
               AALL1331 was closed to accrual for the HR/IR arms based on the recommendation of the
               COG DSMC, due to a strong trend towards improved DFS and improved OS, markedly lower
               rates of serious toxicity, and a higher rate of MRD clearance for blinatumomab compared to
               chemotherapy. Further, the COG DSMC recommended that the AALL1331 low-risk group
               continue to enroll and randomize subjects until enrollment goals were reached. The
               low-risk treatment group has since completed enrollment.

               The primary endpoint of this study is DFS. The secondary endpoint is OS (time from
               randomization to death from any cause). An exploratory endpoint was rate of MRD
               negativity (MRD < 10-4) after each course of randomized therapy. A post hoc endpoint was
               the rate of proceeding to transplant. Adverse events were also assessed.

               Primary analysis results for the HR/IR group are based on the publicly available dataset that
               was reported in the Brown et al publication (Brown et al, 2021). The primary analysis data
               cutoff date for the HR/IR group was 30 September 2020 and includes all subjects in the
               HR/IR group that were enrolled up to 30 June 2019 (date of DSMC decision to modify study
               conduct). Final analysis results including the low-risk subjects will be provided in a
               subsequent CSR.


               The FDA’s Assessment:
               FDA agrees with the trial design overview, description of randomization, and endpoints. In
               addition, the primary and secondary objectives are as follows:

               Primary Objectives
               • Compare disease-free survival (DFS) of HR/IR B-ALL patients who are randomized
                   following Induction Block 1 chemotherapy to receive either two intensive chemotherapy
                   blocks (Arm A) or two 5-week blocks of blinatumomab (Arm B) prior to allogeneic
                   hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-HSCT).
               • Compare DFS of LR B-ALL patients who are randomized following Induction Block 1
                   therapy to receive either chemotherapy alone (Arm C) or chemotherapy plus
                   blinatumomab (Arm D).

               Secondary Objectives
               • Compare OS of HR/IR B-ALL patients who are randomized following Induction Block 1
                  chemotherapy to receive either two intensive chemotherapy blocks (Arm A) or two 5-

                                                                   91

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by
               the Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA. The FDA's position is highlighted in
               gray.

Reference ID: 5193267

               BLA Multidisciplinary Review and Evaluation
               BLA 125557 S-023 and S-026
               Blincyto (blinatumomab)

               Classification of high, intermediate, and low risk was as follows:

               •    High Risk:

                        - Early bone marrow relapse (< 36 months from diagnosis)
                        - Early extramedullary relapse (< 18 months from diagnosis)
                        - Not dependent upon End Block 1 MRD

               •    Intermediate Risk:

                        - Late bone marrow relapse (≥ 36 months from diagnosis), End Block 1 MRD ≥ 0.1%
                        - Late extramedullary relapse (≥ 18 months from diagnosis), End Block 1 MRD ≥ 0.1%

               •    Low Risk

                        - Late bone marrow relapse (≥ 36 months from diagnosis), End Block 1 MRD < 0.1%
                        - Late extramedullary relapse (≥ 18 months from diagnosis), End Block 1 MRD <0.1%
                        (or indeterminate)

               •    For this study, DFS was defined as the time from the start of randomization to treatment
                    failure, relapse, second malignancy, or death.

               •    Relapse was defined as:

                    - Bone marrow: M3 bone marrow (>25% blasts)

                    - CNS: Positive cytomorphology and ≥ 5 WBC/uL in the CSF or clinical signs of CNS
                      leukemia

                    - Testicular: positive biopsy

                    - Combined relapse: M2 or M3 marrow with concomitant CNS and/or testicular
                      relapse


               Key Eligibility Criteria

               The Applicant’s Description:

               Subjects ≥ 1 year and < 31 years of age at the time of relapse with first relapse B-cell ALL
               (with or without extramedullary disease) were eligible for this study. Extramedullary sites
               were limited to the CNS and testicles. Subjects with Down syndrome, Philadelphia
               chromosome-positive/BCR-ABL1-positive ALL, Burkitt leukemia/lymphoma, mature B-cell

                                                                   93

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by
               the Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA. The FDA's position is highlighted in
               gray.

Reference ID: 5193267
