September 26, 2024
Oncologic Drugs Advisory Committee Meeting

          Summary Minutes of the Oncologic Drugs Advisory Committee Meeting
                                  September 26, 2024

The Oncologic Drugs Advisory Committee (ODAC) of the Food and Drug Administration,
Center for Drug Evaluation and Research met on September 26, 2024, at FDA White Oak
Campus, Building 31 Conference Center, the Great Room (Rm. 1503), 10903 New Hampshire
Avenue, Silver Spring, Maryland. The public also had the option to participate via an online
teleconferencing and/or video conferencing platform, and the meeting presentations were heard,
viewed, captioned, and recorded through an online video conferencing platform. Prior to the
meeting, the members and temporary voting members were provided the briefing materials from
the FDA, Bristol Myers-Squibb Co., Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC, a subsidiary of Merck & Co.,
Inc, and BeiGene USA, Inc. The meeting was called to order by Christopher Lieu, MD (Acting
Chairperson). The conflict of interest statement was read into the record by Joyce Frimpong,
PharmD (Acting Designated Federal Officer). There were approximately 1,300 people in
attendance. There were 8 Open Public Hearing (OPH) speaker presentations during the morning
session and 1 OPH speaker during the afternoon session.

A verbatim transcript will be available, in most instances, at approximately ten to twelve weeks
following the meeting date.

Agenda: During the morning session, the Committee discussed the use of immune checkpoint
inhibitors in patients with unresectable or metastatic gastric and gastroesophageal junction
adenocarcinoma. The current labeling for approved checkpoint inhibitors in this indication
reflect broad approvals in the intent to treat patient populations agnostic of programmed death
cell ligand-1 (PD-L1) expression. Cumulative data has shown that PD-L1 expression appears to
be a predictive biomarker of treatment efficacy in this patient population; however, clinical trials
have used different approaches to assess PD-L1 expression and different thresholds to define
PD-L1 positivity. FDA wanted the Committee’s opinion on the:
    • adequacy of PD-L1 expression as a predictive biomarker for patient selection in this
         patient population,
    • differing risk-benefit assessments in different subpopulations defined by PD-L1
         expression, and
    • adequacy of the cumulative data to restrict the approvals of immune checkpoint inhibitors
         based on PD-L1 expression.
The Committee discussed the existing supplemental biologics license applications (sBLA) which
were approved for patients with previously untreated HER2-negative unresectable or metastatic
gastric or gastroesophageal adenocarcinoma:
    • sBLA 125554/S-091 for OPDIVO (nivolumab) injection, submitted by Bristol Myers-
         Squibb Co. and
    • sBLA 125514/S-143 for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) injection, submitted by Merck
         Sharp & Dohme LLC, a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc.
The Committee also discussed BLA 761417 for tislelizumab injection, submitted by BeiGene
USA, Inc., for the same proposed indication.

During the afternoon session, the Committee discussed the use of immune checkpoint inhibitors
in patients with metastatic or unresectable esophageal squamous cell carcinoma. The current


                                             Page 3 of 9
