Drug: Prednisone

Generic name: PREDNISONE

Manufacturer: Bryant Ranch Prepack

Established pharmacologic class: Corticosteroid [EPC]

Mechanism class: Corticosteroid Hormone Receptor Agonists [MoA]

Indications: INDICATIONS AND USAGE PredniSONE Tablets are indicated in the following conditions: 1. Endocrine Disorders Primary or secondary adrenocortical insufficiency (hydrocortisone or cortisone is the first choice; synthetic analogs may be used in conjunction with mineralocorticoids where applicable; in infancy mineralocorticoid supplementation is of particular importance) Congenital adrenal hyperplasia Hypercalcemia associated with cancer Nonsuppurative thyroiditis 2. Rheumatic Disorders As adjunctive therapy for short-term administration (to tide the patient over an acute episode or exacerbation) in: Psoriatic arthritis Rheumatoid arthritis, including juvenile rheumatoid arthritis (selected cases may require low-dose maintenance therapy) Ankylosing spondylitis Acute and subacute bursitis Acute nonspecific tenosynovitis Acute gouty arthritis Post-traumatic osteoarthritis Synovitis of osteoarthritis Epicondylitis 3. Collagen Diseases During an exacerbation or as maintenance therapy in selected cases of: Systemic lupus erythematosus Systemic dermatomyositis (polymyositis) Acute rheumatic carditis 4. Dermatologic Diseases Pemphigus Bullous dermatitis herpetiformis Severe erythema multiforme (Stevens-Johnson syndrome) Exfoliative dermatitis Mycosis fungoides Severe psoriasis Severe seborrheic dermatitis 5. Allergic States Control of severe or incapacitating allergic conditions intractable to adequate trials of conventional treatment: Seasonal or perennial allergic rhinitis Bronchial asthma Contact dermatitis Atopic dermatitis Serum sickness Drug hypersensitivity reactions 6. Ophthalmic Diseases Severe acute and chronic allergic and inflammatory processes involving the eye and its adnexa such as: Allergic corneal marginal ulcers Herpes zoster ophthalmicus Anterior segment inflammation Diffuse posterior uveitis and choroiditis Sympathetic ophthalmia Allergic conjunctivitis Keratitis Chorioretinitis Optic neuritis Iritis and iridocyclitis 7. Respiratory Diseases Symptomatic sarcoidosis Loeffler’s syndrome not manageable by other means Berylliosis Fulminating or disseminated pulmonary tuberculosis when used concurrently with appropriate antituberculous chemotherapy Aspiration pneumonitis 8. Hematologic Disorders Idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura in adults Secondary thrombocytopenia in adults Acquired (autoimmune) hemolytic anemia Erythroblastopenia (RBC anemia) Congenital (erythroid) hypoplastic anemia 9. Neoplastic Diseases For palliative management of: Leukemias and lymphomas in adults Acute leukemia of childhood 10. Edematous States To induce a diuresis or remission of proteinuria in the nephrotic syndrome, without uremia, of the idiopathic type or that due to lupus erythematosus 11. Gastrointestinal Diseases To tide the patient over a critical period of the disease in: Ulcerative colitis Regional enteritis 12. Miscellaneous Tuberculous meningitis with subarachnoid block or impending block when used concurrently with appropriate antituberculous chemotherapy. Trichinosis with neurologic or myocardial involvement

Warnings: WARNINGS General Rare instances of anaphylactoid reactions have occurred in patients receiving corticosteroid therapy (see ADVERSE REACTIONS: Allergic Reactions ). Increased dosage of rapidly acting corticosteroids is indicated in patients on corticosteroid therapy subjected to any unusual stress before, during and after the stressful situation. Cardio-Renal Average and large doses of hydrocortisone or cortisone can cause elevation of blood pressure, salt and water retention, and increased excretion of potassium. These effects are less likely to occur with the synthetic derivatives except when used in large doses. Dietary salt restriction and potassium supplementation may be necessary. All corticosteroids increase calcium excretion. Literature reports suggest an apparent association between use of corticosteroids and left ventricular free wall rupture after a recent myocardial infarction; therefore, therapy with corticosteroids should be used with great caution in these patients. Endocrine Corticosteroids can produce reversible hypothalamic-pituitary adrenal (HPA) axis suppression with the potential for corticosteroid insufficiency after withdrawal of treatment. Adrenocortical insufficiency may result from too rapid withdrawal of corticosteroids and may be minimized by gradual reduction of dosage. This type of relative insufficiency may persist for up to 12 months after discontinuation of therapy; therefore, in any situation of stress occurring during that period, hormone therapy should be reinstituted. If the patient is receiving steroids already, dosage may have to be increased. Metabolic clearance of corticosteroids is decreased in hypothyroid patients and increased in hyperthyroid patients. Changes in thyroid status of the patient may necessitate adjustment in dosage. Immunosuppression and Increased Risk of Infection Corticosteroids, including prednisone tablets, suppress the immune system and increase the risk of infection with any pathogen, including viral, bacterial, fungal, protozoan, or helminthic pathogens. Corticosteroids can: • Reduce resistance to new infections • Exacerbate existing infections • Increase the risk of disseminated infections • Increase the risk of reactivation or exacerbation of latent infections • Mask some signs of infection Corticosteroid-associated infections can be mild but can be severe and at times fatal. The rate of infectious complications increases with increasing corticosteroid dosages. Monitor for the development of infection and consider prednisone tablets withdrawal or dosage reduction as needed. Do not administer prednisone tablets by an intraarticular, intrabursal, intratendinous, or intralesional route in the presence of acute local infection. Tuberculosis If prednisone tablets is used to treat a condition in patients with latent tuberculosis or tuberculin reactivity, reactivation of tuberculosis may occur. Closely monitor such patients for reactivation. During prolonged prednisone tablets therapy, patients with latent tuberculosis or tuberculin reactivity should receive chemoprophylaxis. Varicella Zoster and Measles Viral Infections Varicella and measles can have a serious or even fatal course in non-immune patients taking corticosteroids, including prednisone tablets. In corticosteroid-treated patients who have not had these diseases or are non-immune, particular care should be taken to avoid exposure to varicella and measles: • If a prednisone tablets-treated patient is exposed to varicella, prophylaxis with varicella zoster immune globulin may be indicated. If varicella develops, treatment with antiviral agents may be considered. • If a prednisone tablets-treated patient is exposed to measles, prophylaxis with immunoglobulin may be indicated. Hepatitis B Virus Reactivation Hepatitis B virus reactivation can occur in patients who are hepatitis B carriers treated with immunosuppressive dosages of corticosteroids, including prednisone tablets. Reactivation can also occur infrequently in corticosteroid-treated patients who appear to have resolved hepatitis B infection. Screen patients for hepatitis B infection before initiating immunosuppressive (e.g., prolonged) treatment with prednisone tablets. For patients who show evidence of hepatitis B infection, recommend consultation with physicians with expertise in managing hepatitis B regarding monitoring and consideration for hepatitis B antiviral therapy. Fungal Infections Corticosteroids, including prednisone tablets, may exacerbate systemic fungal infections; therefore, avoid prednisone tablets use in the presence of such infections unless prednisone tablets is needed to control drug reactions. For patients on chronic prednisone tablets therapy who develop systemic fungal infections, prednisone tablets withdrawal or dosage reduction is recommended. Amebiasis Corticosteroids, including prednisone tablets, may activate latent amebiasis. Therefore, it is recommended that latent amebiasis or active amebiasis be ruled out before initiating prednisone tablets in patients who have spent time in the tropics or patients with unexplained diarrhea. Strongyloides Infestation Corticosteroids, including prednisone tablets, should be used with great care in patients with known or suspected Strongyloides (threadworm) infestation. In such patients, corticosteroid-induced immunosuppression may lead to Strongyloides hyperinfection and dissemination with widespread larval migration, often accompanied by severe enterocolitis and potentially fatal gramnegative septicemia. Cerebral Malaria Avoid corticosteroids, including prednisone tablets, in patients with cerebral malaria. Vaccination Administration of live or live, attenuated vaccines is contraindicated in patients receiving immunosuppressive doses of corticosteroids. Killed or inactivated vaccines may be administered. However, the response to such vaccines may be diminished and cannot be predicted. Indicated immunization procedures may be undertaken in patients receiving nonimmunosuppressive doses of corticosteroids as replacement therapy (e.g., for Addison’s disease). Ophthalmic Use of corticosteroids may produce posterior subcapsular cataracts, glaucoma with possible damage to the optic nerves, and may enhance the establishment of secondary ocular infections due to bacteria, fungi or viruses. The use of oral corticosteroids is not recommended in the treatment of optic neuritis and may lead to an increase in the risk of new episodes. Corticosteroids should not be used in active ocular herpes simplex because of possible corneal perforation. Kaposi’s Sarcoma Kaposi’s sarcoma has been reported to occur in patients receiving corticosteroid therapy, most often for chronic conditions. Discontinuation of corticosteroids may result in clinical improvement of Kaposi’s sarcoma.

Contraindications: CONTRAINDICATIONS Prednisone tablets are contraindicated in systemic fungal infections and known hypersensitivity to components.