Drug: ENTYVIO

Generic name: VEDOLIZUMAB

Manufacturer: Takeda Pharmaceuticals America, Inc.

Established pharmacologic class: Integrin Receptor Antagonist [EPC]

Mechanism class: Integrin Receptor Antagonists [MoA]

Indications: 1 INDICATIONS AND USAGE ENTYVIO is indicated in adults for the treatment of: moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis (UC). moderately to severely active Crohn's disease (CD). ENTYVIO is an integrin receptor antagonist indicated in adults for the treatment of: moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis (UC). ( 1 ) moderately to severely active Crohn's disease (CD). ( 1 )

Mechanism of action: 12.1 Mechanism of Action Vedolizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that specifically binds to the α4β7 integrin and blocks the interaction of α4β7 integrin with mucosal addressin cell adhesion molecule-1 (MAdCAM-1) and inhibits the migration of memory T-lymphocytes across the endothelium into inflamed gastrointestinal parenchymal tissue. Vedolizumab does not bind to or inhibit function of the α4β1 and αEβ7 integrins and does not antagonize the interaction of α4 integrins with vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1). The α4β7 integrin is expressed on the surface of a discrete subset of memory T-lymphocytes that preferentially migrate into the gastrointestinal tract. MAdCAM-1 is mainly expressed on gut endothelial cells and plays a critical role in the homing of T-lymphocytes to gut lymph tissue. The interaction of the α4β7 integrin with MAdCAM-1 has been implicated as an important contributor to the chronic inflammation that is a hallmark of ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease.

Warnings and precautions: 5 WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS Infusion-Related Reactions and Hypersensitivity Reactions : Discontinue ENTYVIO and initiate appropriate treatment if serious reactions occur. ( 5.1 ) Infections : Treatment with ENTYVIO should not be initiated in patients with a clinically important active infection until the infection resolves or is adequately treated. If a serious infection develops, ENTYVIO should not be administered until the infection resolves. ( 5.2 ) Progressive Multifocal Leukoencephalopathy (PML) : Although unlikely, a risk of PML cannot be ruled out. Monitor patients for any new or worsening neurological signs or symptoms. ( 5.3 ) 5.1 Infusion-Related Reactions and Hypersensitivity Reactions Infusion-related reactions and hypersensitivity reactions have been reported, including anaphylaxis, dyspnea, bronchospasm, urticaria, flushing, rash, and increased blood pressure and heart rate [see Adverse Reactions (6.1 , 6.2) ]. These reactions may occur with the first or subsequent infusions of ENTYVIO and may vary in their time of onset from during infusion or up to several hours post-infusion. If anaphylaxis or other serious infusion-related or hypersensitivity reactions occur, discontinue administration of ENTYVIO immediately and initiate appropriate treatment. 5.2 Infections Patients treated with ENTYVIO are at increased risk for developing infections [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) ]. Serious infections reported in clinical trials include anal abscess, sepsis (some fatal), tuberculosis (TB), salmonella sepsis, Listeria meningitis, giardiasis, and cytomegaloviral colitis. Postmarketing cases of systemic bacterial, fungal, viral, and parasitic opportunistic infections have been reported. Treatment with ENTYVIO should not be initiated in patients with a clinically important active infection until the infection resolves or is adequately treated. In patients with a chronic infection or a history of recurrent infection, consider the risks and benefits prior to prescribing ENTYVIO. During treatment with ENTYVIO, instruct patients to seek medical advice if signs or symptoms of clinically important acute or chronic infection occur. If a serious infection develops or an infection is not responding to standard therapy, monitor the patient closely. ENTYVIO should not be administered until the infection resolves. Tuberculosis Consider evaluating patients for TB infection prior to initiating treatment with ENTYVIO. Treatment with Entyvio should not be administered to patients with active TB infection. Initiate treatment of latent TB prior to administering ENTYVIO. Consider anti-TB therapy prior to initiation of ENTYVIO in patients with a past history of latent or active TB in whom an adequate course of treatment cannot be confirmed. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of active TB during and after ENTYVIO treatment. 5.3 Progressive Multifocal Leukoencephalopathy PML, a rare and often fatal opportunistic infection of the central nervous system (CNS), has been reported with systemic immunosuppressants, including another integrin receptor antagonist. PML is caused by the John Cunningham (JC) virus and typically only occurs in patients who are immunocompromised. One case of PML in an ENTYVIO-treated patient with multiple contributory factors has been reported in the postmarketing setting (e.g., human immunodeficiency virus [HIV] infection with a CD4 count of 300 cells/mm 3 and prior and concomitant immunosuppression). Although unlikely, a risk of PML cannot be ruled out. Monitor patients on ENTYVIO for any new onset, or worsening, of neurological signs and symptoms. Typical signs and symptoms associated with PML are diverse, progress over days to weeks, and include progressive weakness on one side of the body or clumsiness of limbs, disturbance of vision, and changes in thinking, memory, and orientation leading to confusion and personality changes. The progression of deficits usually leads to death or severe disability over weeks or months. If PML is suspected, withhold dosing with ENTYVIO and refer to a neurologist; if confirmed, discontinue dosing permanently. 5.4 Liver Injury There have been reports of elevations of transaminase and/or bilirubin in patients receiving ENTYVIO. In general, the combination of transaminase elevations and elevated bilirubin without evidence of obstruction is generally recognized as an important predictor of severe liver injury that may lead to death or the need for a liver transplant in some patients. ENTYVIO should be discontinued in patients with jaundice or other evidence of significant liver injury [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) ] . 5.5 Immunizations Prior to initiating treatment with ENTYVIO, all patients should be brought up to date with all immunizations according to current immunization guidelines [see Dosage and Administration (2.1) ] . Patients receiving ENTYVIO may receive non-live vaccines (e.g., influenza vaccine injection) and may receive live vaccines if the benefits outweigh the risks. There are no data on the secondary transmission of infection by live vaccines in patients receiving ENTYVIO [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) ] .

Contraindications: 4 CONTRAINDICATIONS ENTYVIO is contraindicated in patients who have had a known serious or severe hypersensitivity reaction to ENTYVIO or any of its excipients (such as dyspnea, bronchospasm, urticaria, flushing, rash and increased heart rate) [see Warnings and Precautions (5.1) ] . Patients who have had a known serious or severe hypersensitivity reaction to ENTYVIO or any of its excipients. ( 4 )