Drug: ZEPOSIA 7-Day Starter Pack

Generic name: OZANIMOD HYDROCHLORIDE

Manufacturer: Celgene Corporation

Indications: 1 INDICATIONS AND USAGE ZEPOSIA is indicated for the treatment of: relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis (MS), to include clinically isolated syndrome, relapsing-remitting disease, and active secondary progressive disease, in adults. moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis (UC) in adults. ZEPOSIA is a sphingosine 1-phosphate receptor modulator indicated for the treatment of: Relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis (MS), to include clinically isolated syndrome, relapsing-remitting disease, and active secondary progressive disease, in adults. ( 1 ) Moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis (UC) in adults. ( 1 )

Mechanism of action: 12.1 Mechanism of Action Ozanimod is a sphingosine 1-phosphate (S1P) receptor modulator that binds with high affinity to S1P receptors 1 and 5. Ozanimod blocks the capacity of lymphocytes to egress from lymph nodes, reducing the number of lymphocytes in peripheral blood. Ozanimod has minimal or no activity on S1P 2 , S1P 3 , and S1P 4 . The mechanism by which ozanimod exerts therapeutic effects in multiple sclerosis and ulcerative colitis is unknown but may involve the reduction of lymphocyte migration into the central nervous system and intestine.

Warnings and precautions: 5 WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS Infections : ZEPOSIA may increase the risk of infections. Obtain a complete blood count (CBC) before initiation of treatment. Monitor for infection during treatment and for 3 months after discontinuation. Do not start ZEPOSIA in patients with active infections. ( 5.1 ) Progressive Multifocal Leukoencephalopathy (PML) : Withhold ZEPOSIA at the first sign or symptom suggestive of PML. ( 5.2 ) Bradyarrhythmia and Atrioventricular Conduction Delays : ZEPOSIA may result in transient decrease in heart rate; titration is required for treatment initiation. Check an electrocardiogram (ECG) to assess for preexisting cardiac conduction abnormalities before starting ZEPOSIA. Consider cardiology consultation for conduction abnormalities or concomitant use with other drugs that decrease heart rate. ( 2.1 , 2.2 , 5.3 , 7 ) Liver Injury : Obtain liver enzyme results before initiation and periodically during treatment. Discontinue if there is evidence of liver injury without other cause. ( 5.4 ) Fetal Risk : Women of childbearing potential should use effective contraception during treatment and for 3 months after stopping ZEPOSIA. ( 5.5 , 8.3 ) Increased Blood Pressure (BP) : Monitor BP during treatment. ( 5.6 ) Respiratory Effects : May cause a decline in pulmonary function. Assess pulmonary function (e.g., spirometry) if clinically indicated. ( 5.7 ) Macular Edema : Increases the risk of macular edema. Obtain a baseline evaluation of the fundus, including the macula, near the start of treatment with ZEPOSIA. Conduct an evaluation of the fundus, including the macula, periodically while on therapy and any time there is a change in vision. Consider discontinuing ZEPOSIA if macular edema develops. Diabetes mellitus and uveitis increase the risk. ( 5.8 ) Cutaneous Malignancies : Skin examination prior to or shortly after the start of treatment and periodically thereafter is recommended. Suspicious skin lesions should be evaluated. ( 5.9 ) 5.1 Infections Risk of Infections ZEPOSIA causes a mean reduction in peripheral blood lymphocyte count to approximately 45% of baseline values because of reversible sequestration of lymphocytes in lymphoid tissues [see Clinical Pharmacology (12.2) ]. ZEPOSIA may therefore increase the susceptibility to infections, some serious in nature . Life-threatening and rare fatal infections have occurred in patients receiving ZEPOSIA. Obtain a recent (i.e., within 6 months or after discontinuation of prior MS or UC therapy) complete blood count (CBC) including lymphocyte count before initiation of ZEPOSIA . Delay initiation of ZEPOSIA in patients with an active infection until the infection is resolved. In MS Study 1 and Study 2, the overall rate of infections and rate of serious infections in patients treated with ZEPOSIA were similar to that in patients who received interferon (IFN) beta-1a (35% vs. 34% and 1% vs. 0.8%, respectively). In UC Study 1 and Study 3, the overall rate of infections and rate of serious infections in patients treated with ZEPOSIA were similar to that in patients who received placebo (9.9% vs. 10.7% and 0.8% vs. 0.4%, respectively). In UC Study 2, the overall rate of infections in patients treated with ZEPOSIA was higher than in patients treated with placebo (23% vs. 12%) and the rate of serious infections was similar (0.9% vs. 1.8%). ZEPOSIA increased the risk of viral upper respiratory tract infections, urinary tract infections, and herpes infections [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) ]. The proportion of patients treated with ZEPOSIA who experienced lymphocyte counts less than 0.2 × 10 9 /L was 3.3% in MS Study 1 and Study 2. The proportion of patients treated with ZEPOSIA with lymphocyte counts less than 0.2 × 10 9 /L was 2% in UC Study 1 and Study 3 and 2.3% in UC Study 2. These values generally returned to greater than 0.2 × 10 9 /L while patients remained on treatment with ZEPOSIA. After discontinuing ZEPOSIA 0.92 mg, the median time for peripheral blood lymphocytes to return to the normal range was approximately 30 days, with approximately 80% to 90% of patients in the normal range within 3 months [see Clinical Pharmacology (12.2) ]. Consider interruption of treatment with ZEPOSIA if a patient develops a serious infection. Because the elimination of ZEPOSIA after discontinuation may take up to 3 months, continue monitoring for infections throughout this period. Herpes Viral Infection Cases of localized herpes virus infection (e.g., herpes zoster and herpes simplex) were seen in clinical trials of ZEPOSIA. In MS Study 1 and Study 2, herpes zoster was reported as an adverse reaction in 0.6% of patients treated with ZEPOSIA 0.92 mg and in 0.2% of patients who received IFN beta-1a. In UC Study 1 and Study 3, herpes zoster was reported in 0.4% of patients who received ZEPOSIA and none in patients who received placebo. In UC Study 2, herpes zoster was reported in 2.2% of patients who received ZEPOSIA and 0.4% of patients who received placebo. None were serious or disseminated. Herpes simplex encephalitis and varicella zoster meningitis have been reported with sphingosine 1-phosphate (S1P) receptor modulators. Patients without a healthcare professional-confirmed history of varicella (chickenpox), or without documentation of a full course of vaccination against varicella zoster virus (VZV), should be tested for antibodies to VZV before initiating ZEPOSIA (see Vaccinations below). Cryptococcal Infection Cases of fatal cryptococcal meningitis (CM) and disseminated cryptococcal infections have been reported with S1P receptor modulators. Physicians should be vigilant for clinical symptoms or signs of CM. Patients with symptoms or signs consistent with a cryptococcal infection should undergo prompt diagnostic evaluation and treatment. ZEPOSIA treatment should be suspended until a cryptococcal infection has been excluded. If CM is diagnosed, appropriate treatment should be initiated. Prior and Concomitant Treatment with Anti-Neoplastic, Non-Corticosteroid Immunosuppressive, or Immune-modulating Therapies In the MS and UC clinical studies, patients who received ZEPOSIA were not to receive concomitant treatment with anti-neoplastic, non-corticosteroid immunosuppressive, or immune-modulating therapies used for the treatment of MS and UC. Concomitant use of ZEPOSIA with any of these therapies would be expected to increase the risk of immunosuppression. In UC studies, concomitant use of corticosteroids was allowed and did not appear to influence the safety or efficacy of ZEPOSIA [see Clinical Studies (14.2) ]. Anti-neoplastic, immune-modulating, or immunosuppressive therapies (including corticosteroids) should be co-administered with caution because of the risk of additive immune system effects during such therapy. When switching to ZEPOSIA from immunosuppressive medications, consider the duration of their effects and their mode of action to avoid unintended additive immunosuppressive effects. Vaccinations Patients without a healthcare professional-confirmed history of chickenpox or without documentation of a full course of vaccination against VZV should be tested for antibodies to VZV before initiating ZEPOSIA. A full course of vaccination for antibody-negative patients with varicella vaccine is recommended prior to commencing treatment with ZEPOSIA, following which initiation of treatment with ZEPOSIA should be postponed for 4 weeks to allow the full effect of vaccination to occur. No clinical data are available on the efficacy and safety of vaccinations in patients taking ZEPOSIA. Vaccinations may be less effective if administered during ZEPOSIA treatment. If live attenuated vaccine immunizations are required, administer at least 1 month prior to initiation of ZEPOSIA. Avoid the use of live attenuated vaccines during and for 3 months after treatment with ZEPOSIA. 5.2 Progressive Multifocal Leukoencephalopathy Progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML) is an opportunistic viral infection of the brain caused by the JC virus (JCV) that typically occurs in patients who are immunocompromised, and that usually leads to death or severe disability. Typical symptoms associated with PML are diverse, progress over days to weeks, and include progressive weakness on one side of the body or clumsiness of limbs, disturbance of vision, and changes in thinking, memory, and orientation leading to confusion and personality changes. PML has been reported in patients treated with S1P receptor modulators, including ZEPOSIA, and other multiple sclerosis (MS) and UC therapies and has been associated with some risk factors (e.g., immunocompromised patients, polytherapy with immunosuppressants,duration of use). Based on data from patients with MS, longer treatment duration increases the risk of PML in patients treated with S1P receptor modulators, and the majority of PML cases have occurred in patients treated with S1P receptor modulators for at least 18 months. Physicians should be vigilant for clinical symptoms or MRI findings that may be suggestive of PML. MRI findings may be apparent before clinical signs or symptoms. If PML is suspected, treatment with ZEPOSIA should be suspended until PML has been excluded by an appropriate diagnostic evaluation. If PML is confirmed, treatment with ZEPOSIA should be discontinued. Immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome (IRIS) has been reported in MS patients treated with S1P receptor modulators who developed PML and subsequently discontinued treatment. IRIS presents as a clinical decline in the patient’s condition that may be rapid, can lead to serious neurological complications or death, and is often associated with characteristic changes on MRI. The time to onset of IRIS in patients with PML was generally within a few months after S1P receptor modulator discontinuation. Monitoring for development of IRIS and appropriate treatment of the associated inflammation should be undertaken. 5.3 Bradyarrhythmia and Atrioventricular Conduction Delays Since initiation of ZEPOSIA may result in a transient decrease in heart rate and atrioventricular conduction delays , an up-titration scheme should be used to reach the maintenance dosage of ZEPOSIA [see Dosage and Administration (2.2) and Clinical Pharmacology (12.2) ] . ZEPOSIA was not studied in patients who had: A myocardial infarction, unstable angina, stroke, TIA, or decompensated heart failure requiring hospitalization within the last 6 months New York Heart Association Class III / IV heart failure Cardiac conduction or rhythm disorders, including sick sinus syndrome, significant QT prolongation (QTcF > 450 msec in males, > 470 msec in females), risk factors for QT prolongation, or other conduction abnormalities or cardiac condition that in the opinion of the treating investigator could jeopardize the patient's health Other pre-existing stable cardiac conditions without clearance from a cardiologist Severe untreated sleep apnea A resting heart rate less than 55 beats per minute (bpm) at baseline Reduction in Heart Rate Initiation of ZEPOSIA may result in a transient decrease in heart rate. After the initial dose of ZEPOSIA 0.23 mg, the greatest mean decrease from baseline in heart rate occurred at Hour 5 on Day 1 (decrease of 1.2 bpm in MS Study 1 and Study 2, and 0.7 bpm in UC Study 1 and Study 3), returning to near baseline at Hour 6. With continued up-titration, the maximal heart rate effect of ozanimod occurred on Day 8. The utility of performing first-dose cardiac monitoring when initiating ZEPOSIA in patients with characteristics similar to those studied in the clinical trials of ZEPOSIA is unclear. Heart rates below 40 bpm were not observed. Initiation of ZEPOSIA without titration may result in greater decreases in heart rate [see Dosage and Administration (2.2) ]. In MS Study 1 and Study 2, bradycardia was reported on the day of treatment initiation in 0.6% of patients treated with ZEPOSIA compared to no patients who received IFN beta-1a. After Day 1, the incidence of bradycardia was 0.8% in patients treated with ZEPOSIA compared to 0.7% of patients who received IFN beta-1a. In UC Study 1 and Study 3, bradycardia was reported on the day of treatment initiation in 1 patient (0.2%) treated with ZEPOSIA compared to none in patients who received placebo. After Day 1, bradycardia was reported in 1 patient (0.2%) treated with ZEPOSIA. In UC Study 2, bradycardia was not reported. Atrioventricular Conduction Delays Initiation of ZEPOSIA may result in transient atrioventricular conduction delays. At ZEPOSIA exposures higher than the recommended dosage without dose titration, first- and second-degree type 1 atrioventricular blocks were observed in healthy volunteers; however, in MS Study 1 and Study 2 and UC Study 1 and Study 3 with dose titration, Mobitz type 2 second- or third-degree atrioventricular blocks were not reported in patients treated with ZEPOSIA. If treatment with ZEPOSIA is considered, advice from a cardiologist should be sought for those individuals: With significant QT prolongation (QTcF > 450 msec in males, > 470 msec in females) With arrhythmias requiring treatment with Class Ia or Class III anti-arrhythmic drugs With ischemic heart disease, heart failure, history of cardiac arrest or myocardial infarction, cerebrovascular disease, and uncontrolled hypertension With a history of with second-degree Mobitz type II or higher AV block, sick-sinus syndrome, or sinoatrial heart block [see Contraindications (4) ] 5.4 Liver Injury Clinically significant liver injury, including acute liver failure requiring transplant, has occurred in patients treated with ZEPOSIA in the postmarketing setting. Signs of liver injury, including elevated serum hepatic enzymes and elevated total bilirubin, have occurred as early as ten days after the first dose. In MS Study 1 and Study 2, elevations of ALT to 5-fold the upper limit of normal (ULN) or greater occurred in 1.6% of patients treated with ZEPOSIA 0.92 mg and 1.3% of patients who received IFN beta-1a. Elevations of 3-fold the ULN or greater occurred in 5.5% of patients treated with ZEPOSIA and 3.1% of patients who received IFN beta-1a. The median time to an elevation of 3-fold the ULN was 6 months. The majority (79%) of patients continued treatment with ZEPOSIA with values returning to less than 3-fold the ULN within approximately 2-4 weeks. ZEPOSIA was discontinued for a confirmed elevation greater than 5-fold the ULN. Overall, the discontinuation rate because of elevations in hepatic enzymes was 1.1% of patients with MS treated with ZEPOSIA 0.92 mg and 0.8% of patients who received IFN beta-1a. In UC Study 1, elevations of ALT to 5-fold the ULN or greater occurred in 0.9% of patients treated with ZEPOSIA 0.92 mg and 0.5% of patients who received placebo, and in UC Study 2 elevations occurred in 0.9% of patients and no patients, respectively. In UC Study 1, elevations of ALT to 3-fold the ULN or greater occurred in 2.6% of UC patients treated with ZEPOSIA 0.92 mg and 0.5% of patients who received placebo, and in UC Study 2 elevations occurred in 2.3% of patients and no patients, respectively. In controlled and uncontrolled UC studies, the majority (96%) of patients with ALT greater than 3-fold the ULN continued treatment with ZEPOSIA with values returning to less than 3-fold the ULN within approximately 2 to 4 weeks. Overall, the discontinuation rate because of elevations in hepatic enzymes was 0.4% in patients treated with ZEPOSIA 0.92 mg, and none in patients who received placebo in the controlled UC studies. Individuals with an AST or ALT greater than 1.5-fold ULN were excluded from MS Study 1 and Study 2 and greater than 2 times the ULN for UC Study 1 and Study 3. There are no data to establish that patients with preexisting liver disease are at increased risk to develop elevated liver function test values when taking ZEPOSIA. Dosage adjustment in patients with mild or moderate hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh class A or B) is required [see Dosage and Administration (2.3) ] , and use of ZEPOSIA in patients with severe hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh class C) is not recommended [see Use in Specific Populations (8.6) ] . Obtain transaminase and bilirubin levels, if not recently available (i.e., within 6 months), before initiation of ZEPOSIA. Obtain transaminase levels and total bilirubin levels periodically during treatment and until two months after ZEPOSIA discontinuation. Patients should be monitored for signs and symptoms of any hepatic injury. Patients who develop symptoms suggestive of hepatic dysfunction, such as unexplained nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, fatigue, anorexia, or jaundice and/or dark urine, should have hepatic enzymes promptly checked, and ZEPOSIA should be interrupted. Treatment should not be resumed if a plausible alternative etiology for the signs and symptoms cannot be established, because these patients are at risk for severe drug-induced liver injury. 5.5 Fetal Risk There are no adequate and well-controlled studies in pregnant women. Based on animal studies, ZEPOSIA may cause fetal harm [see Use in Specific Populations (8.1) ] . Because it takes approximately 3 months to eliminate ZEPOSIA from the body, women of childbearing potential should use effective contraception to avoid pregnancy during treatment and for 3 months after stopping ZEPOSIA [see Use in Specific Populations (8.3) ] . 5.6 Increased Blood Pressure In MS Study 1 and Study 2, patients treated with ZEPOSIA had an average increase of approximately 1 to 2 mm Hg in systolic pressure over patients who received IFN beta-1a, and no effect on diastolic pressure. The increase in systolic pressure was first detected after approximately 3 months of treatment and persisted throughout treatment. Hypertension was reported as an adverse reaction in 3.9% of patients treated with ZEPOSIA 0.92 mg and in 2.1% of patients who received IFN beta-1a. Two patients treated with ZEPOSIA in MS Study 1 and one patient treated with interferon (IFN) beta-1a in Study 2 experienced a hypertensive crisis that was not clearly influenced by a concomitant medication. The mean increase in systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) in UC patients treated with ZEPOSIA is similar to patients with MS. In UC Study 1 and Study 3, the average increase from baseline in SBP was 3.7 mm Hg in patients treated with ZEPOSIA and 2.3 mm Hg in patients treated with placebo. In UC Study 2, the average increase from baseline in SBP was 5.1 mm Hg in patients treated with ZEPOSIA and 1.5 mm Hg in patients treated with placebo. There was no effect on DBP. Hypertension was reported as an adverse reaction in 1.2% of patients treated with ZEPOSIA 0.92 mg and none in patients treated with placebo in UC Study 1 and Study 3, and in 2.2% and 2.2% of patients in UC Study 2, respectively. Hypertensive crisis was reported in two patients receiving ZEPOSIA and one patient receiving placebo. Blood pressure should be monitored during treatment with ZEPOSIA and managed appropriately. 5.7 Respiratory Effects Dose-dependent reductions in absolute forced expiratory volume over 1 second (FEV 1 ) were observed in MS patients treated with ZEPOSIA as early as 3 months after treatment initiation. In the MS pooled analyses of Study 1 and Study 2, the decline in absolute FEV 1 from baseline in patients treated with ZEPOSIA compared to patients who received IFN beta-1a was 60 mL (95% CI: -100, -20) at 12 months. The mean difference in percent predicted FEV 1 at 12 months between patients treated with ZEPOSIA and patients who received IFN beta-1a was 1.9% (95% CI: -2.9, -0.8). Dose-dependent reductions in forced vital capacity (FVC) (absolute value and %-predicted) were also seen at Month 3 in pooled analyses comparing patients treated with ZEPOSIA to patients who received IFN beta-1a [60 mL, 95% CI (-110, -10); 1.4%, 95% CI: (-2.6, -0.2)], though significant reductions were not seen at other timepoints. There is insufficient information to determine the reversibility of the decrease in FEV 1 or FVC after drug discontinuation. One patient in MS Study 1 discontinued ZEPOSIA because of dyspnea. In UC Study 1 the mean difference in decline in absolute FEV 1 from baseline in patients treated with ZEPOSIA compared to patients who received placebo was 22 mL (95% CI: -84, 39) at 10 weeks. The mean difference in percent predicted normal (PPN) FEV 1 at 10 weeks between patients treated with ZEPOSIA compared to those who received placebo was 0.8% (95% CI: -2.6, 1.0). The difference in reductions in FVC (absolute value and %-predicted) seen at Week 10 in UC Study 1, comparing patients who were treated with ZEPOSIA to those who received placebo was 44 mL, 95% CI (-114, 26); 0.5%, 95% CI (-2.3, 1.2), respectively. There is insufficient information to determine the reversibility of observed decreases in FEV 1 or FVC after discontinuation of ZEPOSIA, or whether changes could be progressive with continued use. Spirometric evaluation of respiratory function should be performed during therapy with ZEPOSIA, if clinically indicated. 5.8 Macular Edema S1P receptor modulators, including ZEPOSIA, have been associated with an increased risk of macular edema. Obtain a baseline evaluation of the fundus, including the macula, near the start of treatment with ZEPOSIA. Perform an examination of the fundus, including the macula, periodically while on therapy and any time there is a change in vision. In MS Study 1 and Study 2, macular edema was observed in 0.3% of patients treated with ZEPOSIA and in 0.3% of patients who received IFN beta-1a. Macular edema was reported in a total of 1 (0.2%) patient in UC Study 1 and Study 3, and in 1 (0.4%) patient in UC Study 2 treated with ZEPOSIA, and in no patients who received placebo. Continuation of ZEPOSIA therapy in patients with macular edema has not been evaluated. Macular edema over an extended period of time (i.e., 6 months) can lead to permanent visual loss. Consider discontinuing ZEPOSIA if macular edema develops; this decision should include an assessment of the potential benefits and risks for the individual patient. The risk of recurrence after rechallenge has not been evaluated. Macular Edema in Patients with a History of Uveitis or Diabetes Mellitus Patients with a history of uveitis and patients with a history of diabetes mellitus are at increased risk of macular edema during ZEPOSIA therapy. 5.9 Cutaneous Malignancies The risk of cutaneous malignancies (including basal cell carcinoma (BCC), squamous cell carcinoma (SCC), and melanoma) is increased in patients treated with S1P receptor modulators. Cases of BCC, SCC, and melanoma have been reported in patients treated with ZEPOSIA; melanoma and BCC were reported in controlled trials [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) ] . Kaposi’s sarcoma and Merkel cell carcinoma have also been reported in patients treated with S1P receptor modulators in the postmarketing setting. Skin examinations are recommended prior to or shortly after the start of treatment and periodically thereafter for all patients, particularly those with risk factors for skin cancer. Providers and patients are advised to monitor for suspicious skin lesions. If a suspicious skin lesion is observed, it should be promptly evaluated. As usual for patients with increased risk for skin cancer, exposure to sunlight and ultraviolet light should be limited by wearing protective clothing and using a sunscreen with a high protection factor. Concomitant phototherapy with UV-B radiation or PUVA photochemotherapy is not recommended in patients taking ZEPOSIA. 5.10 Posterior Reversible Encephalopathy Syndrome Rare cases of posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome (PRES) have been reported in patients receiving a S1P receptor modulator. In MS controlled clinical trials with ZEPOSIA, one case of PRES was reported. Should a ZEPOSIA-treated patient develop any unexpected neurological or psychiatric symptoms/signs (e.g., cognitive deficits, behavioral changes, cortical visual disturbances, or any other neurological cortical symptoms/signs), any symptom/sign suggestive of an increase of intracranial pressure, or accelerated neurological deterioration, the physician should promptly schedule a complete physical and neurological examination and should consider an MRI. Symptoms of PRES are usually reversible but may evolve into ischemic stroke or cerebral hemorrhage. Delay in diagnosis and treatment may lead to permanent neurological sequelae. If PRES is suspected, treatment with ZEPOSIA should be discontinued. 5.11 Unintended Additive Immunosuppressive Effects from Prior Treatment with Immunosuppressive or Immune-Modulating Drugs When switching from drugs with prolonged immune effects, the half-life and mode of action of these drugs must be considered to avoid unintended additive immunosuppressive effects while at the same time minimizing risk of disease reactivation, when initiating ZEPOSIA. Initiating treatment with ZEPOSIA after treatment with alemtuzumab is not recommended [see Drug Interactions (7) ]. 5.12 Severe Increase in Multiple Sclerosis Disability after Stopping ZEPOSIA In MS, severe exacerbation of disease, including disease rebound, has been rarely reported after discontinuation of a S1P receptor modulator. The possibility of severe exacerbation of disease should be considered after stopping ZEPOSIA treatment. Patients should be observed for a severe increase in disability upon ZEPOSIA discontinuation and appropriate treatment should be instituted, as required. After stopping ZEPOSIA in the setting of PML, monitor for development of immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome (PML-IRIS) [see Warnings and Precautions (5.2) ] . 5.13 Immune System Effects after Stopping ZEPOSIA After discontinuing ZEPOSIA, the median time for peripheral blood lymphocytes to return to the normal range was approximately 30 days, with approximately 80% to 90% of patients in the normal range within 3 months [see Clinical Pharmacology (12.2) ]. Use of immunosuppressants within this period may lead to an additive effect on the immune system, and therefore caution should be applied when initiating other drugs 4 weeks after the last dose of ZEPOSIA [see Drug Interactions (7) ].

Contraindications: 4 CONTRAINDICATIONS ZEPOSIA is contraindicated in patients who: In the last 6 months, have experienced a myocardial infarction, unstable angina, stroke, transient ischemic attack (TIA), decompensated heart failure requiring hospitalization, or Class III or IV heart failure [see Warnings and Precautions (5.3) ] Have the presence of Mobitz type II second-degree or third degree atrioventricular (AV) block, sick sinus syndrome, or sino-atrial block, unless the patient has a functioning pacemaker [see Warnings and Precautions (5.3) ] Have severe untreated sleep apnea [see Warnings and Precautions (5.3) ] Are taking a monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitor [see Drug Interactions (7) ] In the last 6 months, experienced myocardial infarction, unstable angina, stroke, transient ischemic attack, decompensated heart failure requiring hospitalization, or Class III or IV heart failure. ( 4 ) Presence of Mobitz type II second-degree or third degree atrioventricular (AV) block, sick sinus syndrome, or sino-atrial block, unless the patient has a functioning pacemaker. ( 4 ) Severe untreated sleep apnea. ( 4 ) Concomitant use of a monoamine oxidase inhibitor. ( 4 , 7 )