Drug: Drug label

Indications: INDICATIONS AND USAGE MEDROL Tablets are indicated in the following conditions: 1. Endocrine Disorders Primary or secondary adrenocortical insufficiency (hydrocortisone or cortisone is the first choice; synthetic analogs may be used in conjunction with mineralocorticoids where applicable; in infancy mineralocorticoid supplementation is of particular importance). Congenital adrenal hyperplasia Nonsuppurative thyroiditis Hypercalcemia associated with cancer 2. Rheumatic Disorders As adjunctive therapy for short-term administration (to tide the patient over an acute episode or exacerbation) in: Rheumatoid arthritis, including juvenile rheumatoid arthritis (selected cases may require low-dose maintenance therapy) Ankylosing spondylitis Acute and subacute bursitis Synovitis of osteoarthritis Acute nonspecific tenosynovitis Post-traumatic osteoarthritis Psoriatic arthritis Epicondylitis Acute gouty arthritis 3. Collagen Diseases During an exacerbation or as maintenance therapy in selected cases of: Systemic lupus erythematosus Systemic dermatomyositis (polymyositis) Acute rheumatic carditis 4. Dermatologic Diseases Bullous dermatitis herpetiformis Severe erythema multiforme (Stevens-Johnson syndrome) Severe seborrheic dermatitis Exfoliative dermatitis Mycosis fungoides Pemphigus Severe psoriasis 5. Allergic States Control of severe or incapacitating allergic conditions intractable to adequate trials of conventional treatment: Seasonal or perennial allergic rhinitis Drug hypersensitivity reactions Serum sickness Contact dermatitis Bronchial asthma Atopic dermatitis 6. Ophthalmic Diseases Severe acute and chronic allergic and inflammatory processes involving the eye and its adnexa such as: Allergic corneal marginal ulcers Herpes zoster ophthalmicus Anterior segment inflammation Diffuse posterior uveitis and choroiditis Sympathetic ophthalmia Keratitis Optic neuritis Allergic conjunctivitis Chorioretinitis Iritis and iridocyclitis 7. Respiratory Diseases Symptomatic sarcoidosis Berylliosis Loeffler's syndrome not manageable by other means Fulminating or disseminated pulmonary tuberculosis when used concurrently with appropriate antituberculous chemotherapy Aspiration pneumonitis 8. Hematologic Disorders Idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura in adults Secondary thrombocytopenia in adults Acquired (autoimmune) hemolytic anemia Erythroblastopenia (RBC anemia) Congenital (erythroid) hypoplastic anemia 9. Neoplastic Diseases For palliative management of: Leukemias and lymphomas in adults Acute leukemia of childhood 10. Edematous States To induce a diuresis or remission of proteinuria in the nephrotic syndrome, without uremia, of the idiopathic type or that due to lupus erythematosus. 11. Gastrointestinal Diseases To tide the patient over a critical period of the disease in: Ulcerative colitis Regional enteritis 12. Nervous System Acute exacerbations of multiple sclerosis 13. Miscellaneous Tuberculous meningitis with subarachnoid block or impending block when used concurrently with appropriate antituberculous chemotherapy. Trichinosis with neurologic or myocardial involvement.

Warnings: WARNINGS In patients on corticosteroid therapy subjected to unusual stress, increased dosage of rapidly acting corticosteroids before, during, and after the stressful situation is indicated. Corticosteroids may mask some signs of infection, and new infections may appear during their use. Infections with any pathogen including viral, bacterial, fungal, protozoan or helminthic infections, in any location of the body, may be associated with the use of corticosteroids alone or in combination with other immunosuppressive agents that affect cellular immunity, humoral immunity, or neutrophil function. 1 These infections may be mild, but can be severe and at times fatal. With increasing doses of corticosteroids, the rate of occurrence of infectious complications increases. 2 There may be decreased resistance and inability to localize infection when corticosteroids are used. Prolonged use of corticosteroids may produce posterior subcapsular cataracts, glaucoma with possible damage to the optic nerves, and may enhance the establishment of secondary ocular infections due to fungi or viruses. Usage in pregnancy Since adequate human reproduction studies have not been done with corticosteroids, the use of these drugs in pregnancy, nursing mothers or women of child-bearing potential requires that the possible benefits of the drug be weighed against the potential hazards to the mother and embryo or fetus. Infants born of mothers who have received substantial doses of corticosteroids during pregnancy, should be carefully observed for signs of hypoadrenalism. Average and large doses of hydrocortisone or cortisone can cause elevation of blood pressure, salt and water retention, and increased excretion of potassium. These effects are less likely to occur with the synthetic derivatives except when used in large doses. Dietary salt restriction and potassium supplementation may be necessary. All corticosteroids increase calcium excretion. Administration of live or live, attenuated vaccines is contraindicated in patients receiving immunosuppressive doses of corticosteroids. Killed or inactivated vaccines may be administered to patients receiving immunosuppressive doses of corticosteroids; however, the response to such vaccines may be diminished. Indicated immunization procedures may be undertaken in patients receiving nonimmunosuppressive doses of corticosteroids. The use of MEDROL Tablets in active tuberculosis should be restricted to those cases of fulminating or disseminated tuberculosis in which the corticosteroid is used for the management of the disease in conjunction with an appropriate antituberculous regimen. If corticosteroids are indicated in patients with latent tuberculosis or tuberculin reactivity, close observation is necessary as reactivation of the disease may occur. During prolonged corticosteroid therapy, these patients should receive chemoprophylaxis. Persons who are on drugs which suppress the immune system are more susceptible to infections than healthy individuals. Chicken pox and measles, for example, can have a more serious or even fatal course in non-immune children or adults on corticosteroids. In such children or adults who have not had these diseases particular care should be taken to avoid exposure. How the dose, route and duration of corticosteroid administration affects the risk of developing a disseminated infection is not known. The contribution of the underlying disease and/or prior corticosteroid treatment to the risk is also not known. If exposed, to chicken pox, prophylaxis with varicella zoster immune globulin (VZIG) may be indicated. If exposed to measles, prophylaxis with pooled intramuscular immunoglobulin (IG) may be indicated. (See the respective package inserts for complete VZIG and IG prescribing information.) If chicken pox develops, treatment with antiviral agents may be considered. Similarly, corticosteroids should be used with great care in patients with known or suspected Strongyloides (threadworm) infestation. In such patients, corticosteroid-induced immunosuppression may lead to Strongyloides hyperinfection and dissemination with widespread larval migration, often accompanied by severe enterocolitis and potentially fatal gram-negative septicemia.

Contraindications: CONTRAINDICATIONS Systemic fungal infections and known hypersensitivity to components.