Drug: Dupixent

Generic name: DUPILUMAB

Manufacturer: Sanofi-Aventis U.S. LLC

Established pharmacologic class: Interleukin-4 Receptor alpha Antagonist [EPC]

Mechanism class: Interleukin 4 Receptor alpha Antagonists [MoA]

Indications: 1 INDICATIONS AND USAGE DUPIXENT is an interleukin-4 receptor alpha antagonist indicated: Atopic Dermatitis for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients aged 6 months and older with moderate-to-severe AD whose disease is not adequately controlled with topical prescription therapies or when those therapies are not advisable. DUPIXENT can be used with or without topical corticosteroids. ( 1.1 ) Asthma as an add-on maintenance treatment of adult and pediatric patients aged 6 years and older with moderate-to-severe asthma characterized by an eosinophilic phenotype or with oral corticosteroid dependent asthma. ( 1.2 ) Limitations of Use: Not for the relief of acute bronchospasm or status asthmaticus. ( 1.2 ) Chronic Rhinosinusitis with Nasal Polyps as an add-on maintenance treatment in adult and pediatric patients aged 12 years and older with inadequately controlled chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps (CRSwNP). ( 1.3 ) Eosinophilic Esophagitis for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients aged 1 year and older, weighing at least 15 kg, with eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE). ( 1.4 ) Prurigo Nodularis for the treatment of adult patients with prurigo nodularis (PN). ( 1.5 ) Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease as an add-on maintenance treatment of adult patients with inadequately controlled chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and an eosinophilic phenotype. ( 1.6 ) Limitations of Use: Not for the relief of acute bronchospasm. ( 1.6 ) Chronic Spontaneous Urticaria for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients aged 2 years and older with chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU) who remain symptomatic despite H1 antihistamine treatment. ( 1.7 ) Limitations of Use: Not indicated for other forms of urticaria. ( 1.7 ) Bullous Pemphigoid for the treatment of adult patients with bullous pemphigoid (BP). ( 1.8 ) Allergic Fungal Rhinosinusitis for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients aged 6 years and older with allergic fungal rhinosinusitis (AFRS) who have a history of sino-nasal surgery. ( 1.9 ) 1.1 Atopic Dermatitis DUPIXENT is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients aged 6 months and older with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis (AD) whose disease is not adequately controlled with topical prescription therapies or when those therapies are not advisable. DUPIXENT can be used with or without topical corticosteroids. 1.2 Asthma DUPIXENT is indicated as an add-on maintenance treatment of adult and pediatric patients aged 6 years and older with moderate-to-severe asthma characterized by an eosinophilic phenotype or with oral corticosteroid dependent asthma. Limitations of Use DUPIXENT is not indicated for the relief of acute bronchospasm or status asthmaticus. 1.3 Chronic Rhinosinusitis with Nasal Polyps DUPIXENT is indicated as an add-on maintenance treatment in adult and pediatric patients aged 12 years and older with inadequately controlled chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps (CRSwNP). 1.4 Eosinophilic Esophagitis DUPIXENT is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients aged 1 year and older, weighing at least 15 kg, with eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE). 1.5 Prurigo Nodularis DUPIXENT is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with prurigo nodularis (PN). 1.6 Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease DUPIXENT is indicated as an add-on maintenance treatment of adult patients with inadequately controlled chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and an eosinophilic phenotype. Limitations of Use DUPIXENT is not indicated for the relief of acute bronchospasm. 1.7 Chronic Spontaneous Urticaria DUPIXENT is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients aged 2 years and older with chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU) who remain symptomatic despite H1 antihistamine treatment. Limitations of Use: DUPIXENT is not indicated for treatment of other forms of urticaria. 1.8 Bullous Pemphigoid DUPIXENT is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with bullous pemphigoid (BP). 1.9 Allergic Fungal Rhinosinusitis DUPIXENT is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients aged 6 years and older with allergic fungal rhinosinusitis (AFRS) who have a history of sino-nasal surgery.

Mechanism of action: 12.1 Mechanism of Action Dupilumab is a human monoclonal IgG4 antibody that inhibits interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) signaling by specifically binding to the IL-4Rα subunit shared by the IL-4 and IL-13 receptor complexes. Dupilumab inhibits IL-4 signaling via the Type I receptor and both IL-4 and IL-13 signaling through the Type II receptor. Inflammation driven by IL-4 and IL-13 is an important component in the pathogenesis of asthma, AD, CRSwNP, EoE, PN, COPD, CSU, BP, and AFRS. Multiple cell types that express IL-4Rα (e.g., mast cells, basophils, eosinophils, macrophages, lymphocytes, epithelial cells, goblet cells) and inflammatory mediators (e.g., histamine, eicosanoids, leukotrienes, cytokines, chemokines) are involved in inflammation. Blocking IL-4Rα with dupilumab inhibits IL-4 and IL-13 cytokine-induced inflammatory responses, including the release of proinflammatory cytokines, chemokines, nitric oxide, and IgE. The mechanism of dupilumab action has not been definitively established.

Warnings and precautions: 5 WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS Hypersensitivity: Hypersensitivity reactions including anaphylaxis, acute generalized exanthematous pustulosis (AGEP), serum sickness, angioedema, urticaria, rash, erythema nodosum, and erythema multiforme have occurred. Discontinue DUPIXENT in the event of a hypersensitivity reaction. ( 5.1 ) Conjunctivitis, Keratitis, and Blepharitis: Advise patients to promptly report new onset or worsening eye symptoms to their healthcare provider. If symptoms persist or worsen, consider discontinuation of DUPIXENT. Consider ophthalmological examination, as appropriate. ( 5.2 ) Eosinophilic Conditions: Be alert to vasculitic rash, worsening pulmonary symptoms, cardiac complications, kidney injury and/or neuropathy, especially upon reduction of oral corticosteroids. ( 5.3 ) Reduction of Corticosteroid Dosage: Do not discontinue systemic, topical, or inhaled corticosteroids abruptly upon initiation of DUPIXENT. Decrease steroids gradually, if appropriate. ( 5.5 ) Psoriasis: Advise patients to report new-onset psoriasis symptoms to their healthcare provider. If symptoms persist or worsen, consider dermatologic evaluation and/or discontinuation of DUPIXENT. ( 5.7 ) Arthralgia and Psoriatic Arthritis: Advise patients to report new onset joint symptoms to their healthcare provider. If symptoms persist or worsen, consider rheumatological evaluation and/or discontinuation of DUPIXENT. ( 5.8 ) Parasitic (Helminth) Infections: Treat pre-existing helminth infections before initiating DUPIXENT. If patients become infected while receiving DUPIXENT and do not respond to anti-helminth treatment, discontinue DUPIXENT until the infection resolves. ( 5.9) Vaccinations: Avoid use of live vaccines. ( 5.10 ) 5.1 Hypersensitivity Hypersensitivity reactions, including anaphylaxis, acute generalized exanthematous pustulosis (AGEP), serum sickness or serum sickness-like reactions, angioedema, generalized urticaria, rash, erythema nodosum and erythema multiforme have been reported. A case of AGEP was reported in an adult subject who participated in the bullous pemphigoid development program. If a clinically significant hypersensitivity reaction occurs, institute appropriate therapy and discontinue DUPIXENT [see Adverse Reactions (6.1 , 6.2) and Clinical Pharmacology (12.6) ] . 5.2 Conjunctivitis, Keratitis, and Blepharitis Conjunctivitis and keratitis adverse reactions have been reported in clinical trials [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) ] . Conjunctivitis and keratitis occurred more frequently in AD subjects who received DUPIXENT compared to those who received placebo. Conjunctivitis was the most frequently reported eye disorder. Most subjects with conjunctivitis or keratitis recovered or were recovering during the treatment period. Among subjects with asthma, the frequencies of conjunctivitis and keratitis were similar between DUPIXENT and placebo. In adult subjects with CRSwNP, the frequency of conjunctivitis was 2% in the DUPIXENT group compared to 1% in the placebo group in the 24-week safety pool; these subjects recovered. Among subjects with EoE, there were no reports of conjunctivitis and keratitis in the DUPIXENT group in placebo-controlled trials. In subjects with PN, the frequency of conjunctivitis was 4% in the DUPIXENT group compared to 1% in the placebo group; these subjects recovered or were recovering during the treatment period. Among subjects with COPD, the frequency of conjunctivitis and keratitis was 1.4% and 0.1% in the DUPIXENT group and 1% and 0% in the placebo group, respectively. In subjects with CSU, the frequency of conjunctivitis was similar between DUPIXENT and placebo. Among subjects with BP, the frequency of conjunctivitis and keratitis was 7.5% and 3.8% in the DUPIXENT group and 0% and 0% in the placebo group, respectively. Conjunctivitis, keratitis, and blepharitis adverse reactions have also been reported with DUPIXENT in postmarketing settings, predominantly in AD patients. Some patients reported varying degrees of transient or ongoing visual impairment including blindness associated with conjunctivitis, keratitis, or blepharitis leading to discontinuation of DUPIXENT and/or surgical intervention. Advise patients or their caregivers to promptly report new onset or worsening eye symptoms to their healthcare provider. Consider discontinuation of DUPIXENT and prompt ophthalmological examination for patients who develop signs and symptoms suggestive of keratitis, or when conjunctivitis or blepharitis do not resolve following standard treatment, as appropriate. Use with caution in patients with significant dry eye disease, history of significant lid abnormalities/surgeries, or history of nasolacrimal surgery [see Adverse Reactions (6.1 , 6.2) ] . 5.3 Eosinophilic Conditions Patients being treated for asthma may present with clinical features of eosinophilic pneumonia or eosinophilic granulomatosis with polyangiitis (EGPA). These events may be associated with the reduction of oral corticosteroid therapy. Healthcare providers should be alert to vasculitic rash, worsening pulmonary symptoms, cardiac complications, kidney injury, and/or neuropathy presenting in their patients with eosinophilia. Cases of eosinophilic pneumonia were reported in adults who participated in the asthma development program. Cases of EGPA have been reported with DUPIXENT in adults who participated in the asthma development program as well as in adults with co-morbid asthma in the CRSwNP development program. Advise patients to report signs of eosinophilic pneumonia and EGPA to their healthcare provider. Consider withholding DUPIXENT if eosinophilic pneumonia or EGPA are suspected. 5.4 Acute Symptoms of Asthma or Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease or Acute Deteriorating Disease DUPIXENT should not be used to treat acute symptoms or acute exacerbations of asthma or COPD. Do not use DUPIXENT to treat acute bronchospasm or status asthmaticus. Patients should seek medical advice if their asthma or COPD remains uncontrolled or worsens after initiation of treatment with DUPIXENT. 5.5 Risk Associated with Abrupt Reduction of Corticosteroid Dosage Do not discontinue systemic, topical, or inhaled corticosteroids abruptly upon initiation of therapy with DUPIXENT. Reductions in corticosteroid dose, if appropriate, should be gradual and performed under the direct supervision of a healthcare provider. Reduction in corticosteroid dose may be associated with systemic withdrawal symptoms and/or unmask conditions previously suppressed by systemic corticosteroid therapy. 5.6 Patients with Co-morbid Asthma Advise patients with co-morbid asthma not to adjust or stop their asthma treatments without consultation with their physicians. 5.7 Psoriasis Cases of new-onset psoriasis have been reported with the use of DUPIXENT for the treatment of atopic dermatitis and asthma, including in patients without a family history of psoriasis. In postmarketing reports, onset of psoriasis varied from weeks to months after the first dose of DUPIXENT and resulted in partial or complete resolution of psoriasis with discontinuation of dupilumab, with or without use of supplemental treatment for psoriasis (topical or systemic). Those who continued on dupilumab received supplemental treatment for psoriasis to improve associated symptoms. Advise patients to report new-onset psoriasis symptoms to their healthcare provider. If symptoms persist or worsen, consider dermatologic evaluation and/or discontinuation of DUPIXENT. 5.8 Arthralgia and Psoriatic Arthritis Arthralgia has been reported with the use of DUPIXENT with some patients reporting gait disturbances or decreased mobility associated with joint symptoms; some cases resulted in hospitalization [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) ] . In postmarketing reports, onset of arthralgia was variable, ranging from days to months after the first dose of DUPIXENT. Cases of new-onset psoriatic arthritis requiring systemic treatment have been reported with the use of DUPIXENT. Some patients' symptoms resolved while continuing treatment with DUPIXENT, and other patients recovered or were recovering following discontinuation of DUPIXENT. Advise patients to report new onset or worsening joint symptoms to their healthcare provider. If symptoms persist or worsen, consider rheumatological evaluation and/or discontinuation of DUPIXENT. 5.9 Parasitic (Helminth) Infections Patients with known helminth infections were excluded from participation in clinical studies. It is unknown if DUPIXENT will influence the immune response against helminth infections. Treat patients with pre-existing helminth infections before initiating therapy with DUPIXENT. If patients become infected while receiving treatment with DUPIXENT and do not respond to anti-helminth treatment, discontinue treatment with DUPIXENT until the infection resolves. Adverse reactions of helminth infections (5 cases of enterobiasis and 1 case of ascariasis) were reported in pediatric subjects 6 to 11 years old who participated in the pediatric asthma development program [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) ] . 5.10 Vaccinations Consider completing all age-appropriate vaccinations as recommended by current immunization guidelines prior to initiating treatment with DUPIXENT. Avoid use of live vaccines during treatment with DUPIXENT. It is unknown if administration of live vaccines during DUPIXENT treatment will impact the safety or effectiveness of these vaccines. Limited data are available regarding coadministration of DUPIXENT with non-live vaccines [see Clinical Pharmacology (12.2) ] .

Contraindications: 4 CONTRAINDICATIONS DUPIXENT is contraindicated in patients who have known hypersensitivity to dupilumab or any excipients of DUPIXENT [see Warnings and Precautions (5.1) ] . Known hypersensitivity to dupilumab or any excipients in DUPIXENT. ( 4 )