Drug: TEZSPIRE

Generic name: TEZEPELUMAB-EKKO

Manufacturer: Amgen Inc

Established pharmacologic class: Thymic Stromal Lymphopoietin Blocker [EPC]

Mechanism class: Thymic Stromal Lymphopoietin Blockers [MoA]

Indications: 1 INDICATIONS AND USAGE TEZSPIRE is a thymic stromal lymphopoietin (TSLP) blocker, human monoclonal antibody (IgG2λ), indicated: • for the add-on maintenance treatment of adult and pediatric patients aged 12 years and older with severe asthma. ( 1.1 ) Limitations of Use: Not for relief of acute bronchospasm or status asthmaticus. ( 1.1 ) • for the add-on maintenance treatment of adult and pediatric patients aged 12 years and older with inadequately controlled chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps (CRSwNP). ( 1.2 ) 1.1 Asthma TEZSPIRE is indicated for the add-on maintenance treatment of adult and pediatric patients aged 12 years and older with severe asthma. Limitations of Use: TEZSPIRE is not indicated for the relief of acute bronchospasm or status asthmaticus. 1.2 Chronic Rhinosinusitis with Nasal Polyps TEZSPIRE is indicated for the add-on maintenance treatment of adult and pediatric patients aged 12 years and older with inadequately controlled chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps (CRSwNP).

Mechanism of action: 12.1 Mechanism of Action Tezepelumab-ekko is a thymic stromal lymphopoietin (TSLP) blocker, human monoclonal antibody IgG2λ that binds to human TSLP with a dissociation constant of 15.8 pM and blocks its interaction with the heterodimeric TSLP receptor. TSLP is a cytokine mainly derived from epithelial cells and occupies an upstream position in inflammatory cascades. Airway and mucosal inflammation are important components of the pathogenesis of asthma and CRSwNP. Multiple cell types (e.g., mast cells, eosinophils, neutrophils, macrophages, lymphocytes, ILC2 cells) and mediators (e.g., histamine, eicosanoids, leukotrienes, cytokines) are involved in airway and mucosal inflammation. Increased levels of TSLP mRNA and protein are found in the airways of patients with asthma as well as in nasal polyp tissue. Blocking TSLP with tezepelumab-ekko reduces biomarkers and cytokines associated with inflammation including blood eosinophils, airway submucosal eosinophils, IgE, FeNO, IL-5, and IL-13; however, the mechanism of tezepelumab-ekko action in asthma and CRSwNP has not been definitively established.

Warnings and precautions: 5 WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS • Hypersensitivity Reactions: Hypersensitivity reactions have been observed in the clinical trials (e.g., rash, allergic conjunctivitis) following the administration of TEZSPIRE. Postmarketing cases of anaphylaxis have been reported. Initiate appropriate treatment as clinically indicated in the event of a hypersensitivity reaction. ( 5.1 ) • Risk Associated with Abrupt Reduction in Corticosteroid Dosage: Do not discontinue systemic or inhaled corticosteroids abruptly upon initiation of therapy with TEZSPIRE. Decrease corticosteroids gradually, if appropriate. ( 5.3 ) • Parasitic (Helminth) Infection: Treat patients with pre-existing helminth infections before therapy with TEZSPIRE. If patients become infected while receiving TEZSPIRE and do not respond to anti-helminth treatment, discontinue TEZSPIRE until the parasitic infection resolves. ( 5.4 ) • Vaccination: Avoid use of live attenuated vaccines. ( 5.5 ) 5.1 Hypersensitivity Reactions Hypersensitivity reactions were observed in the clinical trials (e.g., rash and allergic conjunctivitis) following the administration of TEZSPIRE. Postmarketing cases of anaphylaxis have also been reported [see Contraindications (4) and Adverse Reactions (6.2) ] . These reactions can occur within hours of administration, but in some instances have a delayed onset (i.e., days). In the event of a hypersensitivity reaction, consider the benefits and risks for the individual patient to determine whether to continue or discontinue treatment with TEZSPIRE. 5.2 Acute Asthma Symptoms or Deteriorating Disease TEZSPIRE should not be used to treat acute asthma symptoms or acute exacerbations. Do not use TEZSPIRE to treat acute bronchospasm or status asthmaticus. Patients should seek medical advice if their asthma remains uncontrolled or worsens after initiation of treatment with TEZSPIRE. 5.3 Risk Associated with Abrupt Reduction of Corticosteroid Dosage Do not discontinue systemic or inhaled corticosteroids abruptly upon initiation of therapy with TEZSPIRE. Reductions in corticosteroid dose, if appropriate, should be gradual and performed under the direct supervision of a physician. Reduction in corticosteroid dose may be associated with systemic withdrawal symptoms and/or unmask conditions previously suppressed by systemic corticosteroid therapy. 5.4 Parasitic (Helminth) Infection Thymic stromal lymphopoietin (TSLP) may be involved in the immunological response to some helminth infections. Patients with known helminth infections were excluded from participation in clinical trials. It is unknown if TEZSPIRE will influence a patient’s response against helminth infections. Treat patients with pre-existing helminth infections before initiating therapy with TEZSPIRE. If patients become infected while receiving treatment with TEZSPIRE and do not respond to anti-helminth treatment, discontinue treatment with TEZSPIRE until infection resolves. 5.5 Live Attenuated Vaccines The concomitant use of TEZSPIRE and live attenuated vaccines has not been evaluated. The use of live attenuated vaccines should be avoided in patients receiving TEZSPIRE.

Contraindications: 4 CONTRAINDICATIONS TEZSPIRE is contraindicated in patients who have known hypersensitivity to tezepelumab-ekko or any of its excipients [see Warnings and Precautions (5.1) ] . Known hypersensitivity to tezepelumab-ekko or excipients. ( 4 )