               NDA Multidisciplinary Review and Evaluation
               NDA 214783
               Rezurock (belumosudil)

               Given that 200 mg QD is the lowest dose studied and the significant reduction of belumosudil
               exposure expected with co-administration of these strong PPIs, there is a potential for
               compromised efficacy following the 200 mg QD belumosudil and co-administration of strong
               PPIs, such as esomeprazole and rabeprazole used in the studies. To reduce the risk of lower
               efficacy in patients with the extremely low exposures with coadministration of strong PPIs, a
               higher dosing regimen was considered. Due to the lack of definition of weak/moderate/strong
               PPIs in the clinical practice, dose adjustment only for strong PPIs concomitant use is not
               practical. The dose adjustment was determined based on the pooled exposure from the mixed
               weak/moderate/strong PPIs usage. PPK analysis using the data from the two pivotal studies
               indicated that with the concomitant use of PPIs, the dosing regimen of 200 mg BID is expected
               to provide closer AUC24,ss compared to that following 200 mg QD without concomitant PPIs
               use, while the AUC24,ss following 400 mg QD with concomitant use of PPIs would be much
               higher than that following 200 mg QD without concomitant PPIs use (Figure 2). As such, a dose
               adjustment to 200 mg BID in the presence of concomitant PPIs would potentially prevent
               exposures that would fall below the AUC0-24,ss observed during the pivotal studies. Given that
               Study KD025-208 showed the highest rate of Grade 4 and 5 treatment-emergent adverse
               events (TEAEs) to occur in the 400 mg QD cohort (19% of patients), as well as the positive E-R
               trend for safety, 400 mg QD is not a recommended dose adjustment with concomitant PPIs.

               Figure 7. Comparison of AUC24 at steady-state in each belumosudil dosing regimen with or
               without concomitant use of PPIs




                                        Dosing Regimen (mg) with or without PPI (YES/NO)



                                                                     115

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA. The FDA's position is highlighted in gray.


Reference ID: 4827003

               NDA Multidisciplinary Review and Evaluation
               NDA 214783
               Rezurock (belumosudil)

               53% lower CL/F compared to healthy volunteers.

               Drug-drug interactions – Belumosudil as a victim

               The FDA does not agree with the Applicant’s position that no dose adjustments are required for
               concomitant CYP3A4 inducers or PPIs.

               CYP3A Inducers

               The FDA notes that rifampicin, a strong CYP3A inducer, significantly reduced belumosudil Cmax
               by approximately 60% and overall exposure by approximately 72%. Population PK (popPK)
               analysis also showed that oral clearance (CL/F) with concomitantly administered CYP3A4
               inducers was 2.88 times the CL/F in healthy volunteers without CYP3A4 inducers. Additional
               information regarding the population PK analysis is provided in Section 16.4.2.

               Given that CYP3A4 inducers significantly reduce belumosudil exposure, the FDA recommends
               that belumosudil 200 mg be administered twice daily (BID) with food when administered
               concomitantly with strong CYP3A4 inducers.

               Proton-pump Inhibitors

               The Applicant evaluated the impact of PPIs on belumosudil exposure in healthy subjects in
               Study KD025-107. In Part 1, subjects received multiple doses of 20 mg rabeprazole followed by
               a single dose of belumosudil 200 mg in the fed state. In Part 2, subjects received multiple doses
               of 20 mg omeprazole followed by a BID dose (once every 12 hours) of belumosudil 200 mg in
               the fed state. The PPI rabeprazole reduced belumosudil Cmax by up to 87% and overall
               exposure by up to 80%. The impact of co-administered rabeprazole and omeprazole on
               belumosudil exposure is shown in Table 11.

               Table 11. Impact of Co-administered PPIs on belumosudil exposure, expressed as GMR




               In addition, the PopPK analysis showed that concomitant PPI administration had a statistically
               significant effect on exposure by reducing belumosudil bioavailability by approximately 48%
               compared to no PPI administration. Out of the 178 patients with cGVHD included in the E-R
               analysis, 9 patients had concomitant administration of either esomeprazole or rabeprazole,
               which decreased belumosudil exposure up to 80% (categorized as “strong” PPIs in the studies),
               and only 5 of these patients received 200 mg QD.
                                                              114

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA. The FDA's position is highlighted in gray.


Reference ID: 4827003

               NDA Multidisciplinary Review and Evaluation
               NDA 214783
               Rezurock (belumosudil)

               Drug-drug interactions – Belumosudil as a perpetrator

               CYP enzymes

               The Applicant only conducted in vitro studies and did not conduct a clinical evaluation of
               belumosudil as a perpetrator. Plasma concentration of concomitant medications relevant to
               patients with cGVHD that are substrates of CYP3A4 (e.g. tacrolimus, cyclosporine, sirolimus)
               were not determined in pivotal studies KD025-208 and KD025-213.

               The Applicant conducted PBPK analyses to evaluate the effects of moderate CYP3A inhibitors
               and inducers on the PK of belumosudil, and the effects of belumosudil on the substrates of
               CYP3A, CYP2C9 and CYP2C8. FDA reviewed the PBPK report and concluded the following:

                    •   The effect of moderate CYP3A inhibitors on belumosudil PK is minimal
                    •   The effect of moderate CYP3A inducers on belumosudil PK is weak
                    •   The effect of belumosudil on substrates of CYP3A and CYP2C9 is minimal
                    •   The effect of belumosudil on substrates of CYP2C8 that are not substrates of OATP1B1
                        is minimal

               Refer to FDA’s review of the Applicant’s physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) modeling
               analysis in Section 14.4.1.

               It should be noted that the Applicant did not adequately investigate belumosudil inhibition of
               CYP1A2, CYP2C19 and CYP2D6. The results from the IC50 shift assay (Study XT175017) showed
               that belumosudil was a mechanism-based inhibitor of CYP1A2, CYP2C19 and CYP2D6. However,
               the IC50 generated in the in vitro study is not suitable for assessing mechanism-based inhibition
               potential of belumosudil on these enzymes for the labeling purpose. A potential risk of
               belumosudil to increase the concentration of concomitant substrate drugs that are used in this
               patient population has not been estimated.

               A PMR will be issued for the Applicant to conduct an in vitro mechanism-based inhibition study
               (such as the two-step dilution meth