Drug: Lacosamide

Generic name: LACOSAMIDE

Manufacturer: Bryant Ranch Prepack

Indications: 1 INDICATIONS AND USAGE Lacosamide oral solution is indicated for: Treatment of partial-onset seizures in patients 1 month of age and older ( 1.1 ) Adjunctive therapy in the treatment of primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures in patients 4 years of age and older (1.2) 1.1 Partial-Onset Seizures Lacosamide oral solution is indicated for the treatment of partial-onset seizures in patients 1 month of age and older. 1.2 Primary Generalized Tonic-Clonic Seizures Lacosamide oral solution is indicated as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures in patients 4 years of age and older.

Mechanism of action: 12.1 Mechanism of Action The precise mechanism by which lacosamide exerts its antiepileptic effects in humans remains to be fully elucidated. In vitro electrophysiological studies have shown that lacosamide selectively enhances slow inactivation of voltage-gated sodium channels, resulting in stabilization of hyperexcitable neuronal membranes and inhibition of repetitive neuronal firing.

Warnings and precautions: 5 WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS Monitor patients for suicidal behavior and ideation ( 5.1 ) Lacosamide may cause dizziness and ataxia ( 5.2 ) Cardiac Rhythm and Conduction Abnormalities: Obtaining ECG before beginning and after titration to steady-state maintenance is recommended in patients with underlying proarrhythmic conditions or on concomitant medications that affect cardiac conduction; closely monitor these patients ( 5.3 , 7.2 ) Lacosamide may cause syncope ( 5.4 ) Lacosamide should be gradually withdrawn to minimize the potential of increased seizure frequency ( 5.5 ) Drug Reaction with Eosinophilia and Systemic Symptoms (DRESS)/Multi-Organ Hypersensitivity: Discontinue if no alternate etiology ( 5.6 ) 5.1 Suicidal Behavior and Ideation Antiepileptic drugs (AEDs), including lacosamide, increase the risk of suicidal thoughts or behavior in patients taking these drugs for any indication. Patients treated with any AED for any indication should be monitored for the emergence or worsening of depression, suicidal thoughts or behavior, and/or any unusual changes in mood or behavior. Pooled analyses of 199 placebo-controlled clinical trials (mono- and adjunctive therapy) of 11 different AEDs showed that patients randomized to one of the AEDs had approximately twice the risk (adjusted Relative Risk 1.8, 95% CI:1.2, 2.7) of suicidal thinking or behavior compared to patients randomized to placebo. In these trials, which had a median treatment duration of 12 weeks, the estimated incidence of suicidal behavior or ideation among 27,863 AED-treated patients was 0.43%, compared to 0.24% among 16,029 placebo-treated patients, representing an increase of approximately one case of suicidal thinking or behavior for every 530 patients treated. There were four suicides in drug-treated patients in the trials and none in placebo-treated patients, but the number of events is too small to allow any conclusion about drug effect on suicide. The increased risk of suicidal thoughts or behavior with AEDs was observed as early as one week after starting treatment with AEDs and persisted for the duration of treatment assessed. Because most trials included in the analysis did not extend beyond 24 weeks, the risk of suicidal thoughts or behavior beyond 24 weeks could not be assessed. The risk of suicidal thoughts or behavior was generally consistent among drugs in the data analyzed. The finding of increased risk with AEDs of varying mechanisms of action and across a range of indications suggests that the risk applies to all AEDs used for any indication. The risk did not vary substantially by age (5 to 100 years) in the clinical trials analyzed. Table 3 shows absolute and relative risk by indication for all evaluated AEDs. Table 3: Risk by Indication for Antiepileptic Drugs in the Pooled Analysis Indication Placebo Patients with Events Per 1,000 Patients Drug Patients with Events Per 1,000 Patients Relative Risk: Incidence of Events in Drug Patients/Incidence in Placebo Patients Risk Difference: Additional Drug Patients with Events Per 1,000 Patients Epilepsy 1.0 3.4 3.5 2.4 Psychiatric 5.7 8.5 1.5 2.9 Other 1.0 1.8 1.9 0.9 Total 2.4 4.3 1.8 1.9 The relative risk for suicidal thoughts or behavior was higher in clinical trials for epilepsy than in clinical trials for psychiatric or other conditions, but the absolute risk differences were similar. Anyone considering prescribing lacosamide or any other AED must balance this risk with the risk of untreated illness. Epilepsy and many other illnesses for which antiepileptics are prescribed are themselves associated with morbidity and mortality and an increased risk of suicidal thoughts and behavior. Should suicidal thoughts and behavior emerge during treatment, the prescriber needs to consider whether the emergence of these symptoms in any given patient may be related to the illness being treated. 5.2 Dizziness and Ataxia Lacosamide may cause dizziness and ataxia in adult and pediatric patients. In adult patients with partial-onset seizures taking 1 to 3 concomitant AEDs, dizziness was experienced by 25% of patients randomized to the recommended doses (200 to 400 mg/day) of lacosamide (compared with 8% of placebo patients) and was the adverse reaction most frequently leading to discontinuation (3%). Ataxia was experienced by 6% of patients randomized to the recommended doses (200 to 400 mg/day) of lacosamide (compared to 2% of placebo patients). The onset of dizziness and ataxia was most commonly observed during titration. There was a substantial increase in these adverse reactions at doses higher than 400 mg/day [see Adverse Reactions ( 6.1 )]. If a loading dose is clinically indicated, administer with medical supervision because of the possibility of increased incidence of adverse reactions, including CNS adverse reactions such as dizziness and ataxia. 5.3 Cardiac Rhythm and Conduction Abnormalities PR Interval Prolongation, Atrioventricular Block, and Ventricular Tachyarrhythmia Dose-dependent prolongations in PR interval with lacosamide have been observed in clinical studies in adult patients and in healthy volunteers [see Clinical Pharmacology (12.2) ] . In adjunctive clinical trials in adult patients with partial-onset seizures, asymptomatic first-degree atrioventricular (AV) block was observed as an adverse reaction in 0.4% (4/944) of patients randomized to receive lacosamide and 0% (0/364) of patients randomized to receive placebo. One case of profound bradycardia was observed in a patient during a 15-minute infusion of 150 mg lacosamide. When lacosamide is given with other drugs that prolong the PR interval, further PR prolongation is possible. In the postmarketing setting, there have been reports of cardiac arrhythmias in patients treated with lacosamide, including bradycardia, AV block, and ventricular tachyarrhythmia, which have rarely resulted in asystole, cardiac arrest, and death. Most, although not all, cases have occurred in patients with underlying proarrhythmic conditions, or in those taking concomitant medications that affect cardiac conduction or prolong the PR interval. These events have occurred with both oral and intravenous routes of administration and at prescribed doses as well as in the setting of overdose [see Overdosage (10) ] . In all patients for whom a loading dose is clinically indicated, administer the loading dose with medical supervision because of the possibility of increased incidence of adverse reactions, including cardiovascular adverse reactions. Lacosamide should be used with caution in patients with underlying proarrhythmic conditions such as known cardiac conduction problems (e.g., marked first-degree AV block, second-degree or higher AV block and sick sinus syndrome without pacemaker), severe cardiac disease (such as myocardial ischemia or heart failure, or structural heart disease), and cardiac sodium channelopathies (e.g., Brugada Syndrome). Lacosamide should also be used with caution in patients on concomitant medications that affect cardiac conduction, including sodium channel blockers, beta-blockers, calcium channel blockers, potassium channel blockers, and medications that prolong the PR interval [see Drug Interactions (7.2) ] . In such patients, obtaining an ECG before beginning lacosamide, and after lacosamide is titrated to steady-state maintenance dose, is recommended. In addition, these patients should be closely monitored if they are administered lacosamide through the intravenous route [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) and Drug Interactions (7.2) ] . Atrial Fibrillation and Atrial Flutter In the short-term investigational trials of lacosamide in adult patients with partial-onset seizures there were no cases of atrial fibrillation or flutter. Both atrial fibrillation and atrial flutter have been reported in open label partial-onset seizure trials and in postmarketing experience. In adult patients with diabetic neuropathy, for which lacosamide is not indicated, 0.5% of patients treated with lacosamide experienced an adverse reaction of atrial fibrillation or atrial flutter, compared to 0% of placebo-treated patients. Lacosamide administration may predispose to atrial arrhythmias (atrial fibrillation or flutter), especially in patients with diabetic neuropathy and/or cardiovascular disease. 5.4 Syncope In the short-term controlled trials of lacosamide in adult patients with partial-onset seizures with no significant system illnesses, there was no increase in syncope compared to placebo. In the short-term controlled trials in adult patients with diabetic neuropathy, for which lacosamide is not indicated, 1.2% of patients who were treated with lacosamide reported an adverse reaction of syncope or loss of consciousness, compared with 0% of placebo-treated patients with diabetic neuropathy. Most of the cases of syncope were observed in patients receiving doses above 400 mg/day. The cause of syncope was not determined in most cases. However, several were associated with either changes in orthostatic blood pressure, atrial flutter/fibrillation (and associated tachycardia), or bradycardia. Cases of syncope have also been observed in open-label clinical partial-onset seizure studies in adult and pediatric patients. These cases were associated with a history of risk factors for cardiac disease and the use of drugs that slow AV conduction. 5.5 Withdrawal of Antiepileptic Drugs (AEDs) As with all AEDs, lacosamide should be withdrawn gradually (over a minimum of 1 week) to minimize the potential of increased seizure frequency in patients with seizure disorders. 5.6 Drug Reaction with Eosinophilia and Systemic Symptoms (DRESS)/Multi-Organ Hypersensitivity Drug Reaction with Eosinophilia and Systemic Symptoms (DRESS), also known as multi-organ hypersensitivity, has been reported in patients taking antiepileptic drugs, including lacosamide. Some of these events have been fatal or life-threatening. DRESS typically, although not exclusively, presents with fever, rash, lymphadenopathy and/or facial swelling, in association with other organ system involvement, such as hepatitis, nephritis, hematologic abnormalities, myocarditis, or myositis, sometimes resembling an acute viral infection. Eosinophilia is often present. This disorder is variable in its expression, and other organ systems not noted here may be involved. It is important to note that early manifestations of hypersensitivity (e.g., fever, lymphadenopathy) may be present even though rash is not evident. If such signs or symptoms are present, the patient should be evaluated immediately. Lacosamide should be discontinued if an alternative etiology for the signs or symptoms cannot be established.

Contraindications: 4 CONTRAINDICATIONS None. None ( 4 )