               NDA/BLA Multi-disciplinary Review and Evaluation {BLA 761291}
               teclistamab




             FDA Figure 1: Antitumor activity observed in prophylactic and established MM tumor models
                                      (Figure excerpted from Applicant's submission)




               Left: Prevention of tumorigenesis in H929 prophylactic model; right: TGI activity in RPMI-8226 established model

               Secondary Pharmacology

               The Applicant’s Position:
               No secondary pharmacology studies have been conducted.

               The FDA’s Assessment:
               We agree that no secondary pharmacology studies were conducted or are needed to support the
               approval of BLA 761291.

               Safety Pharmacology

               The Applicant’s Position:
               The cynomolgus monkey was selected as the only pharmacologically relevant species for the
               nonclinical PK and toxicology assessments of teclistamab based on cross-species comparisons of
               sequence homology, relative target-binding affinities, and functional activity in cell-based assays.

               Separate safety pharmacology studies were not conducted with teclistamab; however, the
               5-week GLP study in cynomolgus monkey incorporated cardiovascular, respiratory as well as
               observational CNS assessments (body temperature and clinical signs).

               There were no teclistamab-related effects on examined cardiovascular, respiratory, or CNS
               parameters associated with IV administration up to 30 mg/kg/week in cynomolgus monkey.

               The FDA’s Assessment:
               We agree the cynomolgus monkey is a pharmacologically-relevant nonclinical species to assess
               the safety pharmacology of teclistamab, and we agree there were no teclistamab-related effects
               on safety pharmacology parameters in the 5-week repeat-dose toxicity study. We note that CNS
               endpoints in the 5-week study were evaluated by clinical observations only.


               Version date: January 2020 (ALL NDA/ BLA reviews)                                                                  40

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA.

Reference ID: 5065872

               NDA/BLA Multi-disciplinary Review and Evaluation {BLA 761291}
               teclistamab

               are known to express BCMA. Peak binding for the H929, MM.1R, and RPMI 8226 cell lines was
               observed at ~60 nM, and the binding intensity correlated with the cell surface BCMA expression
               level. A similar binding pattern was observed for a control bsAb that binds BCMA but not CD3
               (BCMAxnull); however, a control bsAb that binds CD3 but not BCMA (nullxCD3) did not
               specifically bind any of the cell lines under the conditions tested. Teclistamab did not bind the
               AML cell line MV4-11 that does not express BCMA. Teclistamab was not an agonist of BCMA
               receptor signaling in a BCMA signaling assay that measured p38 phosphorylation.

               The pharmacologic activity of teclistamab was evaluated in a T-cell redirected lysis assay with the
               aforementioned cell lines as target cells and human T-cells as effector cells; this assay measured
               target cell lysis, T-cell activation, and cytokine release. Lysis of the BCMA-expressing target cell
               lines (EC50=0.07-0.70 nM; maximum lysis=81-92%) was observed, but there was no lysis of the
               negative control target cell line MV4-11. Target cell lysis correlated with the induction of the T-
               cell activation marker CD25 (EC50=0.15-0.50 nM; maximum activation=67-82%). The presence of
               cytokines was assessed in the assays with the H929 and RPMI8226 target cells only; IFNγ, TNFα,
               IL-2, IL-6, IL-8, and IL-10 were detected in these assay supernatants. Teclistamab did not activate
               T-cells in the absence of target cells. The BCMAxnull and nullxCD3 control bsAbs did not
               demonstrate any lytic activity, the potential to activate T-cells, or induce cytokine release under
               the conditions tested.

               The in vivo antitumor activity of teclistamab was evaluated in human MM xenograft mouse
               studies. Both prophylactic and established tumor models were evaluated. In the prophylactic
               model, NSG mice were first intravenously implanted with human PBMCs, and 7 days later the
               mice were subcutaneously implanted with H929 human MM cells (study day 1); mice were then
               intravenously administered teclistamab (0.1, 0.5, or 1 μg) or control bsAbs on study days 1, 4, 6,
               8, and 11. In the established tumor model, NSG mice were first subcutaneously implanted with
               RPMI-8226 human MM cells, and 18 days later the mice were intravenously implanted with
               human PBMCs (study day 1); mice were then intravenously administered teclistamab (0.1 or 1
               μg) or control bsAbs on study Days 8, 11, 13, 15, 18, and 25. In the prophylactic model,
               teclistamab prevented tumorigenesis at doses ≥0.5 µg (see FDA Figure 1, left). In the established
               tumor model, modest antitumor activity was observed at 0.1 µg, but no antitumor activity was
               observed at 1 µg (data not shown). The established tumor model study was repeated under
               similar overall conditions, but with human pan T-cells intraperitoneally implanted in place of
               human PBMCs, and higher doses of teclistamab (1, 10, or 50 µg, IP) or nullxCD3 control bsAb
               administered on study Days 26, 29, 33, 36, 40, 43, 47, and 50. In the repeated established tumor
               model study, teclistamab demonstrated significant antitumor activity at doses ≥10 µg (see FDA
               Figure 1, right).




               Version date: January 2020 (ALL NDA/ BLA reviews)                                                              39

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA.

Reference ID: 5065872

               NDA/BLA Multi-disciplinary Review and Evaluation {BLA 761291}
               teclistamab

                         5.3 Referenced NDAs, BLAs, DMFs

               The Applicant’s Position:
               There are no referenced NDAs, BLA, or Drug Master Files related to nonclinical pharmacology or
               toxicology for teclistamab.

               The FDA’s Assessment:
               We agree that no other applications are being referenced to support the approval of BLA
               761291.

                         5.4 ADME/PK

               The Applicant’s Position:
               The nonclinical PK program characterized the linearity, dose proportionality, and immunogenicity
               of teclistamab in cynomolgus monkeys, the pharmacologically relevant species (see Section 5.3).

               •        In repeat-dose IV toxicity studies dosed for up to 5 weeks, most cynomolgus monkeys
                        administered teclistamab weekly demonstrated continuous exposure at concentrations
                        expected to be pharmacologic based on in vitro assays.

               •        At doses >0.1 mg/kg/week, systemic exposure increased in a dose-proportional manner,
                        with no apparent sex-related differences and minimal accumulation (approximately 2-fold)
                        in the study.

       