
                 NDA/BLA Multi-disciplinary Review and Evaluation {BLA 761291}
                 teclistamab

                 expression in the developing fetus could trigger inflammatory effects.

                 The approval of BLA 761291 does not rely on product-specific published literature.

                            5.5.5. Other Toxicology Studies

                 The Applicant’s Position:
                 In the in vitro tissue cross reactivity studies (non-GLP: monkey and human; GLP: human),
                 teclistamab staining of mononuclear cells occurred very rarely to occasionally in most tissues.
                 Teclistamab was compatible with human blood and serum at concentrations up to 10 mg/mL. In
                 addition, in an in vitro assay using whole human blood, the cytokine release profile demonstrated
                 teclistamab induced statistically significant but low-level release of IL-8, IFN-α, and TNF-α at
                 concentrations ≥82 ng/mL compared with negative control.

                 The FDA’s Assessment:
                 We agree with the Applicant’s assessment of the GLP human tissue cross reactivity study,
                 hemolytic potential and serum compatibility studies, and in vitro cytokine release assay.

                 In the tissue cross-reactivity study, teclistamab stained mononuclear leukocytes in the peripheral
                 blood smears, lymphoid tissues, and select non-lymphoid tissues (ovary, prostate, and skin).
                 Teclistamab is expected to bind mononuclear leukocytes; no unanticipated cross-reactivity was
                 observed.

                 The in vitro cytokine release assay was conducted in the soluble format only. In addition to
                 statistically significant increases in IL-8, IFN-γ, and TNF-α, lower level increases in IL-2 and IL-1β
                 were observed. EC50 values were not provided for any cytokine.


             X          X



                 Michael Manning, PhD                            Brenda Gehrke, PhD
                 Primary Reviewer                                Supervisor




                 Version date: January 2020 (ALL NDA/ BLA reviews)                                                              46

                 Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
                 Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA.

Reference ID: 5065872

