April 12, 2024
Oncologic Drugs Advisory Committee Meeting

           Summary Minutes of the Oncologic Drugs Advisory Committee Meeting
                                     April 12, 2024

The Oncologic Drugs Advisory Committee (ODAC) of the Food and Drug Administration,
Center for Drug Evaluation and Research met on April 12, 2024. FDA and invited participants
attended the meeting at FDA White Oak Campus, Building 31 Conference Center, the Great
Room (Rm. 1503), 10903 New Hampshire Avenue, Silver Spring, Maryland. The public
participated via an online teleconferencing and/or video conferencing platform, and the meeting
presentations were heard, viewed, captioned, and recorded through an online video conferencing
platform. Prior to the meeting, the members and temporary voting members were provided the
briefing materials from the FDA, the Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center at University of
Miami, and the International Independent Team for Endpoint Approval of Myeloma Minimal
Residual Disease. The meeting was called to order by Grzegorz (Greg) S. Nowakowski, MD,
FASCO (Acting Chairperson). The conflict of interest statement was read into the record by
Takyiah Stevenson, PharmD (Acting Designated Federal Officer). There were approximately
1100 people in attendance. There were 8 Open Public Hearing (OPH) speaker presentations.

A verbatim transcript will be available, in most instances, at approximately ten to twelve weeks
following the meeting date.

Agenda: The Committee discussed the use of minimal residual disease (MRD) as an endpoint in
multiple myeloma clinical trials, including considerations regarding timing of assessment, patient
populations, and trial design for future studies that intend to use MRD to support accelerated
approval of a new product or a new indication.

Attendance:
Oncologic Drugs Advisory Committee Members Present (Voting): Ranjana H. Advani, MD;
Mark R. Conaway, PhD; Christopher H. Lieu, MD; Ravi A. Madan, MD; David E. Mitchell
(Consumer Representative); Jorge J. Nieva, MD; Neil Vasan, MD, PhD

Oncologic Drugs Advisory Committee Members Not Present (Voting): Toni K. Choueiri,
MD; William J. Gradishar, MD; Pamela L. Kunz, MD; Alberto S. Pappo, MD; Ashley Rosko,
MD; Daniel Spratt, MD

Oncologic Drugs Advisory Committee Member Present (Non-Voting): Tara L. Frenkl MPH,
MD (Industry Representative)

Temporary Members (Voting): Christopher Hourigan, DM, DPhil, FRCP; Thomas Martin,
MD; Matthew J. Maurer, DMSc; Grzegorz (Greg) S. Nowakowski, MD, FASCO (Acting
Chairperson); Michael A. Riotto (Patient Representative)

FDA Participants (Non-Voting): Richard Pazdur, MD; Marc Theoret, MD; Nicole Gormley,
MD; Bindu Kanapuru, MD; Rachel Ershler, MD, MHS; Jonathan Vallejo, PhD; Jing Zhang, PhD

Acting Designated Federal Officer (Non-Voting): Takyiah Stevenson, PharmD




                                           Page 2 of 6
