

               NDA/BLA Multi-disciplinary Review and Evaluation - Supplemental BLAs 125554 and 125377
               OPDIVO (nivolumab) and Yervoy (ipilimumab)
               agreed with this proposal (IND 120909 Preliminary Meeting Comments; Reference ID: 5001702)
               and therefore, BMS is not providing financial disclosure information for CA209070 in this
               application.
               The FDA’s Assessment:
               FDA agrees with the Applicant’s assessment. Given the the limited duration of study treatment
               and the absence of clinically meaningful anti-tumor activity in the relapsed/refractory solid
               tumor population on study, the FDA has concluded that the Investigator’s financial disclosures
               are unlikely to have biased the interpretation of the study results.

                                Nonclinical Pharmacology/Toxicology

               The Applicant’s Position:
               The results of study report Expression of PD-L1, and Characterization of Tumor Infiltrating
               Immune Cells in Tumors of Pediatric Origin are submitted in Module 4.2.1.1. This nonclinical
               biomarker report is provided in this submission to fulfill the nivolumab PWR and PIP01, and no
               corresponding Module 2 non-clinical summaries are included in this application, as the pediatric
               non-clinical study results are out of the scope of the proposed extension of the approved adult
               indications of nivolumab as a single agent or in combination with ipilimumab for the treatment
               of melanoma to include pediatric (12 years and older) patients.
               The FDA’s Assessment:
               FDA agrees with the Applicant’s summary.

                             OCP Appendices (Technical documents supporting OCP
                         recommendations)

                                Population PK Analysis

                           19.4.1.1. Executive Summary

                           The FDA’s Assessment:
                           Sufficient PK data from adolescent (12 years and older) and adult patients were
                           included in the popPK model for nivolumab and ipilimumab. The popPK model
                           adequately described the PK profile for nivolumab and ipilimumab in adult and
                           adolescent patients. PopPK results showed that the nivolumab exposure following
                           the proposed dosing regimen in adolescent patients with adjuvant melanoma
                           (Figure 9) or with metastatic melanoma who received nivolumab as a single
                           agent(Figure 10) were comparable to adult exposure. In addition, the nivolumab and
                           ipilimumab exposure after 4 cycles of the proposed dosing regimens in adolescent
                           patients with metastatic melanoma who received the combination therapy (Figure
                           11 and Figure 12) were also comparable to the adult exposure.




                                                                 144
                                           Version date: June 2022 (ALL NDA/ BLA reviews)

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA.

Reference ID: 5127294
