               NDA Multidisciplinary Review and Evaluation
               NDA 214783
               Rezurock (belumosudil)

               Figure 4. Effect of Belumosudil on Improving Lung Function in cGVHD Murine Model




               (Excerpted from Applicant’s NDA)



               Figure 5. Effect of Belumosudil (KD025) on Germinal Centers and T Follicular Helper (Tfh) Cells
               in Spleen




               (Excerpted from Applicant’s NDA)

               As noted by the Applicant, the therapeutic benefits of belumosudil were also demonstrated in
               an established model of scleroderma cGVHD (Scl cGVHD; Flynn 2016). Treatment with
               belumosudil at 150 mg/kg daily administered intraperitoneally to Scl cGVHD mice for ~3 weeks
               resulted in significant improvement in skin morphology (i.e., skin ulcers with alopecia less than
               1 cm2 in area = 1; skin ulcers with alopecia 1–2 cm2 in area = 2; skin ulcers with alopecia
               greater than 2 cm2 in area = 3; mice lacking skin ulcers and alopecia received a score of 0)
               compared to vehicle control 4.


               4
                Anderson BE, McNiff J, Yan J, et al. Memory CD41 T cells do not induce graft-versus-host disease. J Clin Invest.
               2003;112(1):101-108.
                                                                        40

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA. The FDA's position is highlighted in gray.


Reference ID: 4827003

               NDA Multidisciplinary Review and Evaluation
               NDA 214783
               Rezurock (belumosudil)


               In Vivo Activity

               The in vivo pharmacodynamic activity of belumosudil was assessed in cGVHD murine models
               that involve a wide spectrum of clinically relevant target organs including the lung, and skin
               (Study Nos. KD025-NCP-cGVHD-1, KD025-NCP-cGVHD-2, Flynn 2016). In addition, anti-fibrotic
               activity of belumosudil was also assessed in a pulmonary fibrosis model, as fibrosis is one of the
               clinical manifestation of cGVHD due to numerous inflammatory and infectious insults to the
               lung (Study No. KDM-01).

               B10.BR recipient mice were conditioned with Cytoxan/total body radiation. Donor bone
               marrow (BM) from C57BI/6 mice was T-cell depleted with anti-Thy 1.2 mAb followed by rabbit
               complement treatment. On Day 0, recipient mice received 107 BM cells with or without
               allogeneic splenocytes (106 cells). On Day 28 after transplantation, a decrease in pulmonary
               function was noticed in the recipient mice and was characterized by an increase in airway
               resistance, which correlated with constriction, increased elastance and decreased compliance.
               Belumosudil at 100 mg/kg/day was administered intraperitoneally once a day for 28 days to
               one group of animals with established cGVHD with lung effects. Animals were observed for
               body weight changes twice weekly. Pulmonary function tests (PFTs) were performed on Day 56
               by whole-body plethysmography. Histopathology of lung sections was conducted to assess
               collagen deposition, and immunofluorescence for antibody depositions. Flow cytometric
               analysis was conducted to determine the effect of belumosudil on CD4+ T follicular helper (Tfh)
               cells and germinal centers (GC) of B cells in spleens that are known to be activated during
               cGVHD disease initiation. Single cell suspensions of spleens were labeled with anti-CD4, anti-
               CXCR5 (Tfh cells are identified by high surface expression of the chemokine receptor CXCR5),
               and anti-PD1. In comparison with control mice, treatment with belumosudil at 150 mg/kg once
               daily (IP) significantly improved lung function in cGVHD mice, as was demonstrated by a
               decrease in resistance and elastance, and an increase in lung compliance compared to the
               vehicle-treated group with no effect on body weight and survival (Figure 4). Treatment with
               belumosudil was also shown to reduce both collagen and antibody deposition in the lung
               (Figure 4), and reduced the number of GC centers and Tfh cells in the spleen of GVHD mice
               (Figure 5). These studies demonstrate the therapeutic benefits of belumusodil cGVHD using
               nonclinical models.




                                                                     39

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA. The FDA's position is highlighted in gray.


Reference ID: 4827003

               NDA Multidisciplinary Review and Evaluation
               NDA 214783
               Rezurock (belumosudil)

               Immunologic imbalance in cGVHD can lead to increased fibrosis in the lung. The anti-fibrotic
               therapeutic benefits of belumosudil were examined in a commonly utilized model of pulmonary
               fibrosis induced with bleomycin in mice (Study No. KDM-01). Pulmonary fibrosis was
               established at belumosudil treatment initiation. C57Bl/6 mice were treated orally with
               belumosudil (50, 100, or 150 mg/kg/day) or vehicle (0.4% carboxymethyl cellulose) for 13 days
               beginning 8 days after the administration of 2.25 U/kg of bleomycin into the lungs. Belumosudil
               has demonstrated anti-fibrotic effects on pulmonary fibrosis in a murine model of pulmonary
               fibrosis compared to both untreated and vehicle-treated groups. Belumosudil at 100 and 150
               mg/kg significantly reduced mean lung wet weight, and significantly reduced pulmonary fibrosis
               and inflammation in comparison to vehicle-control therapy, demonstrating improved
               pulmonary function in murine model of pulmonary fibrosis.


               Secondary Pharmacology

               The Applicant’s Position:

               Secondary pharmacology for belumosudil was evaluated in multiple in vitro kinase screening
               assays (Study KD025-NCP-2), including the evaluation of kinase inhibition against a panel of
               approximately 220 kinases that were representative of the AGC, CMGC, TK, TKL, STE, CAMK,
               and CK1 kinase families. At maximum recommended clinical dose levels of 200 mg/day, a mean
               steady state Cmax of 2390 ng/mL [5.3µM total drug] is achieved at that dose, which provides a
               sufficient safety margin versus the off-targets identified in vitro.
               With the exception of ROCK2 (intended pharmacological target) and CK2 (IC50 approximately
               100 nM), belumosudil IC50 values were generally above 5 µM for all other ATP-dependent
               kinases. In follow up cell based target engagement assays, belumosudil did not demonstrate
               pharmacologically relevant CK2 activity (IC50>10uM) and it was concluded the reported in vitro
               CK2 inhibition is unlikely to contribute to the in vivo activity of belumosudil.

               Belumosudil interaction with cell surface receptors and ion channels (Study KD025-NCP-2) was
               also evaluated through assessment of inhibition of radioligand binding and demonstated limited
               off target binding. Of the many targets evaluated, only two potentially active targets were
               identified: adenosine A2A and A3 receptors with IC50 va