

               NDA/BLA Multi-disciplinary Review and Evaluation {BLA 761291}
               teclistamab

               bioavailability following teclistamab SC weekly administration for the treatment dose was 69%
               (see also Section 6.3.1).
               The observed teclistamab serum concentration-time data following IV and SC administration
               were adequately described by a 2-compartment model with first-order absorption and parallel
               time-independent and time-dependent (decrease over time) elimination pathways. The final PPK
               model included effects of body weight on time-independent clearance (CL1), volume of
               distribution of the central compartment (V1), and volume of distribution of the peripheral
               compartment (V2), the effect of ISS on CL1, and the effect of type of myeloma (IgG versus non-IgG)
               on CL1 and clearance associated with time-dependent clearance (CL2; see also Section 6.3.1).
               E-R analyses indicated a trend toward increased ORR (assessed by investigator based on IMWG
               2011 criteria) with increased teclistamab exposure in a wide range of SC doses (0.08 to 3 mg/kg
               weekly), approaching plateau at the RP2D of 1.5 mg/kg. Responders and non-responders
               (assessed by IRC based on IMWG 2016 criteria), who received teclistamab at RP2D in Phase 1 and
               in Cohort A of Phase 2, had comparable and overlapping exposure range. No apparent positive
               E-R trend was observed in the incidence of Grade ≥3 TEAEs of anemia, neutropenia, lymphopenia,
               thrombocytopenia, and infections across the predicted exposure quartiles in subjects who
               received teclistamab SC (see also Section 6.3.1).

               The Applicant’s Position:
               The clinical pharmacology findings in this application, including PPK and E-R analyses, are consistent
               with the observed clinical benefit of the recommended dose of teclistamab (1.5 mg/kg administered
               weekly [SC], with the first treatment dose preceded by step-up doses of 0.06 and
               0.3 mg/kg), with clinically manageable side effects. Overall, the clinical pharmacology findings
               support the above proposed registrational dose of teclistamab in adults with relapsed or
               refractory multiple myeloma.

               The FDA’s Assessment:
               The FDA agrees with the Applicant’s summary of pharmacology and clinical pharmacokinetics with
               the following exceptions or clarifications:
               • Teclistamab PK parameters after IV administration are not reported in labeling given that only
                   the SC route of administration is recommended.
               • At the recommended SC dosage regimen, the median (range) Tmax of teclistamab after the first
                   treatment dose was 139 (19 to 168) hours.
               • Based on the PPK model for teclistamab, approximately 100% steady state exposure is
                   achieved after the 24th treatment dose at the recommended SC dosage regimen. Ninety
                   percent of steady state exposure is achieved after 12 weekly treatment doses. Therefore, FDA
                   revised all reported PK parameters (including accumulation ratios and bioavailability) based on
                   the 13th treatment dose (see Section 6.3.1 – General Pharmacology and Pharmacokinetic
                   Characteristics).
               • The E-R analysis for ORR (assessed by investigator based on IMWG 2011 criteria) included
                   72 patients treated with various SC dosage regimens during the Phase 1 portion of MajesTEC-1.
               • The E-R analyses for safety included 199 patients treated with various SC dosage regimens in
                   the Phase 1 portion of MajesTEC-1 or Phase 2 Cohort A of MajesTEC-1.
               Version date: January 2020 (ALL NDA/ BLA reviews)                                                              49

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA.

Reference ID: 5065872
