
               NDA/BLA Multi-disciplinary Review and Evaluation {BLA 761291}
               teclistamab

               The Applicant’s Position:
               There is an unmet need for new treatment options beyond the current classes of anti-myeloma
               therapies for the treatment of adult subjects with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma,
               whose prior regimens included a PI, an IMiD, and an anti-CD38 monoclonal antibody and who
               had disease progression on or after the last regimen. Beyond the therapies in Table 1, the
               therapeutic options for heavily pretreated patients are either entry into a clinical study or
               retreatment with a prior treatment regimen (if toxicity profile permits). But often, if no other
               treatment options remain, they are provided with palliative care to ameliorate disease-related
               symptoms only.

               Teclistamab is an off-the-shelf product that targets the CD3 receptor expressed on the surface of
               T cells and BCMA, which is expressed on the surface of malignant multiple myeloma B-lineage
               cells, as well as late-stage B cells and plasma cells. Teclistamab is proposed to be indicated for
               the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma who have received
               at least (4) prior therapies, including a PI, an IMiD, and an anti-CD38 monoclonal antibody. The
                        (b)


               Applicant will demonstrate in the sections below that teclistamab has a positive benefit/risk
               profile in the treatment of patients who have received 3 or more prior lines of therapy and are
               triple-class exposed.

               The FDA’s Assessment:
               FDA generally agrees with the Applicant's analysis of current treatment options for patients with
               RRMM who have received a previous PI, IMiD, and anti-CD38 mAb. However, the FDA notes
               additional regimens are approved for patients with RRMM who have received 3 prior lines of
               therapy, such as elotuzumab + lenalidomide + dexamethasone (ERd), elotuzumab +
               pomalidomide + dexamethasone (EPd), daratumumab + carfilzomib + dexamethasone (DKd),
               isatuximab + carfilzomib + dexamethasone (Isa-Kd), and isatuximab + pomalidomide +
               dexamethasone (Isa-Pd). Patients who have been exposed to a PI, an IMiD, and an anti-CD38
               mAb may respond to another agent in the same class.

               Additionally, a second CAR T-cell therapy, ciltacabtagene autoleucel, has been granted FDA
               approval for patients with RRMM and at least 4 prior lines of therapy including a PI, IMiD, and
               anti-CD38 mAb. We also note that the histone deacetylase inhibitor, panobinostat, is no longer
               an available therapy for patients with MM.




               Version date: January 2020 (ALL NDA/ BLA reviews)                                                              31

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA.

Reference ID: 5065872

               NDA/BLA Multi-disciplinary Review and Evaluation {BLA 761291}
               teclistamab

               FDA agrees with the outline of relevant pre-submission activity presented by the Applicant in
               Table 2. Regarding the Type B BLA Format and Content Meeting scheduled for 26 May 2021, FDA
               conveyed preliminary comments regarding concerns with the Sponsor’s proposal to seek
               accelerated approval based on a single arm trial and the need to ensure the primary efficacy
               population includes patients with a minimum of 6 months of follow-up from the time of response
               to allow for adequate assessment of durability of response. The Sponsor cancelled the meeting
               teleconference after receipt of FDA’s preliminary comments. At the Type B Pre-BLA Meeting on
               19 Nov 2021, FDA reiterated the significant concerns with the Sponsor’s proposal to submit a BLA
               for teclistamab for accelerated approval based on the results of a single arm trial, reiterated
               concerns with the limited duration of follow-up proposed, and stated that if the Sponsor chooses
               to submit a marketing application based on the results of the single arm trial, the submission
               should include all available data with adequate duration of follow-up at the time of the initial
               submission, and that the confirmatory trial should be ongoing at the time a marketing
               application is submitted.

               FDA also notes the following relevant submission-related activities/interactions:
               • 28 Dec 2021: Applicant submitted BLA 761291 for teclistamab (based on 07 September 2021
                  data cut-off)
               • 04 Feb 2022: Application Orientation Meeting (AOM) for BLA 761291
               • 25 Jan 2022: Applicant submitted updated efficacy data (based on 09 November 2021 data
                  cut-off) and updated USPI
               • 28 April 2022: Mid-cycle Communication Teleconference: FDA conveyed concerns regarding
                  the risks of CRS and neurologic toxicity and strong consideration of the need for a REMS and
                  potential need for observation after initial administration of teclistamab, concerns with the
                  lack of data to support the use of tocilizumab for management of CRS, and concerns
                  regarding the need for the confirmatory phase 3 trial to be well underway.
               • 09 July 2022: Applicant submitted proposed REMS program documents (Major Amendment
                  – PDUFA date revised from August 28, 2022 to November 28, 2022)
               • 19 July 2022: Late-Cycle Teleconference: FDA reiterated concerns regarding the risks of CRS
                  and neurologic toxicity and the need for a REMS with ETASU and addition of a boxed warning
                  for neurologic toxicity; conveyed that hospitalization requirements in the USPI should be
                  consistent with the protocol recommendations and that management of CRS in the USPI
                  should be based on standard guidelines.
               • June – Sept 2022: Multiple teleconferences to discuss need for a REMS program and specific
                  components of the REMS

               FDA also notes interactions related to the ongoing phase 3 confirmatory trial, MMY3001,
               including the End-of-Phase 2 Meeting on 04 May 2021 as noted in Table 2 (above). MMY3001 is
               an ongoing, phase 3, randomized study evaluating teclistamab in combination with
               daratumumab (Tec-Dara) vs. investigator’s choice of daratumumab with pomalidomide and
               dexamethasone (DPd) or daratumumab with bortezomib and dexamethasone (DVd) in patients
               with RRMM with 1 to 3 prior line(s) of therapy including a PI and lenalidomide. The primary
               endpoint is PFS. The expectation that the confirmatory trial should be ongoing at the time of
               Version date: January 2020 (ALL NDA/ BLA reviews)                                                              33

               Disclaimer: In this document, the sections labeled as “Data” and “The Applicant’s Position” are completed by the
               Applicant and do not necessarily reflect the positions of the FDA.

Reference ID: 5065872
