Drug: Drug label

Indications: 1 INDICATIONS AND USAGE Omeprazole is a proton pump inhibitor (PPI) indicated for the: • Treatment of active duodenal ulcer in adults (1.1) • Eradication of Helicobacter pylori to reduce the risk of duodenal ulcer recurrence in adults (1.2) • Treatment of active benign gastric ulcer in adults (1.3) • Treatment of symptomatic gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) in patients 2 years of age and older (1.4) • Maintenance of healing of EE due to acid-mediated GERD in patients 2 years of age and older (1.6) • Pathologic hypersecretory conditions in adults (1.7) 1.1 Treatment of Active Duodenal Ulcer Omeprazole delayed-release capsules are indicated for short-term treatment of active duodenal ulcer in adults. Most patients heal within four weeks. Some patients may require an additional four weeks of therapy. 1.2 Helicobacter pylori Eradication to Reduce the Risk of Duodenal Ulcer Recurrence Eradication of H. pylori has been shown to reduce the risk of duodenal ulcer recurrence. Triple Therapy Omeprazole delayed-release capsules in combination with clarithromycin and amoxicillin, are indicated for treatment of patients with H. pylori infection and duodenal ulcer disease (active or up to 1-year history) to eradicate H. pylori in adults. Dual Therapy Omeprazole delayed-release capsules in combination with clarithromycin are indicated for treatment of patients with H. pylori infection and duodenal ulcer disease to eradicate H. pylori in adults. Among patients who fail therapy, omeprazole delayed-release capsules are with clarithromycin is more likely to be associated with the development of clarithromycin resistance as compared with triple therapy. In patients who fail therapy, susceptibility testing should be done. If resistance to clarithromycin is demonstrated or susceptibility testing is not possible, alternative antimicrobial therapy should be instituted [see Clinical Pharmacology (12.4) and the clarithromycin prescribing information, Microbiology section]. 1.3 Treatment of Active Benign Gastric Ulcer Omeprazole delayed-release capsules are indicated for short-term treatment (4 to 8 weeks) of active benign gastric ulcer in adults. 1.4 Treatment of Symptomatic Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease (GERD) Omeprazole delayed-release capsules are indicated for the treatment of heartburn and other symptoms associated with GERD for up to 4 weeks in patients 2 years of age and older. 1.5 Treatment of Erosive Esophagitis (EE) Due to Acid-Mediated GERD Pediatric Patients 2 Years of Age to Adults Omeprazole delayed-release capsules are indicated for the short-term treatment (4 to 8 weeks) of EE due to acid-mediated GERD that has been diagnosed by endoscopy in patients 2 years of age and older. The efficacy of omeprazole delayed-release capsules used for longer than 8 weeks in patients with EE has not been established. If a patient does not respond to 8 weeks of treatment, an additional 4 weeks of treatment may be given. If there is recurrence of EE or GERD symptoms (e.g., heartburn), additional 4 to 8 week courses of omeprazole delayed-release capsules may be considered. 1.6 Maintenance of Healing of EE Due to Acid-Mediated GERD Omeprazole delayed-release capsules are indicated for the maintenance healing of EE due to acid-mediated GERD in patients 2 years of age and older. Controlled studies do not extend beyond 12 months. 1.7 Pathological Hypersecretory Conditions Omeprazole delayed-release capsules are indicated for the long-term treatment of pathological hypersecretory conditions (e.g., Zollinger-Ellison syndrome, multiple endocrine adenomas and systemic mastocytosis) in adults.

Mechanism of action: 12.1 Mechanism of Action Omeprazole belongs to a class of antisecretory compounds, the substituted benzimidazoles, that suppress gastric acid secretion by specific inhibition of the H+/K+ ATPase enzyme system at the secretory surface of the gastric parietal cell. Because this enzyme system is regarded as the acid (proton) pump within the gastric mucosa, omeprazole has been characterized as a gastric acid-pump inhibitor, in that it blocks the final step of acid production. This effect is dose-related and leads to inhibition of both basal and stimulated acid secretion irrespective of the stimulus.

Warnings and precautions: 5 WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS Gastric Malignancy: In adults, symptomatic response does not preclude the presence of gastric malignancy. Consider additional follow-up and diagnostic testing. (5.1) Acute Interstitial Nephritis: Observed in patients taking PPIs. (5.2) Clostridium difficile-Associated Diarrhea: PPI therapy may be associated with increased risk. (5.3) Bone Fracture: Long-term and multiple daily dose PPI therapy may be associated with an increased risk for osteoporosis-related fractures of the hip, wrist or spine. (5.4) Cutaneous and Systemic Lupus Erythematosus: Mostly cutaneous; new onset or exacerbation of existing disease; discontinue omeprazole and refer to specialist for evaluation (5.5) Interaction with Clopidogrel: Avoid concomitant use of omeprazole. ( 5.6 , 7 ) Cyanocobalamin (Vitamin B-12) Deficiency: Daily long-term use (e.g., longer than 3 years) may lead to malabsorption or a deficiency of cyanocobalamin. ( 5.7 ) Hypomagnesemia: Reported rarely with prolonged treatment with PPIs. (5.8) Interaction with St. John’s Wort or Rifampin: Avoid concomitant use of omeprazole. ( 5.9 , 7 ) Interactions with Diagnostic Investigations for Neuroendocrine Tumors: Increased Chromogranin A (CgA) levels may interfere with diagnostic investigations for neuroendocrine tumors; temporarily stop omeprazole at least 14 days before assessing CgA levels. ( 5.10 , 7 ) Interaction with Methotrexate: Concomitant use with PPIs may elevate and/or prolong serum concentrations of methotrexate and/or its metabolite, possibly leading to toxicity. With high dose methotrexate administration, consider a temporary withdrawal of omeprazole ( 5.11 , 7 ). Fundic Gland Polyps: Risk increases with long-term use, especially beyond one year. Use the shortest duration of therapy. ( 5.12 ) 5.1 Presence of Gastric Malignancy In adults, symptomatic response to therapy with omeprazole does not preclude the presence of gastric malignancy. Consider additional follow-up and diagnostic testing in adult patients who have a suboptimal response or an early symptomatic relapse after completing treatment with a PPI. In older patients, also consider an endoscopy. 5.2 Acute Interstitial Nephritis Acute interstitial nephritis has been observed in patients taking PPIs including omeprazole. Acute interstitial nephritis may occur at any point during PPI therapy and is generally attributed to an idiopathic hypersensitivity reaction. Discontinue omeprazole if acute interstitial nephritis develops [see Contraindications (4) ]. 5.3 Clostridium difficile -Associated Diarrhea Published observational studies suggest that PPI therapy like omeprazole may be associated with an increased risk of Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea, especially in hospitalized patients. This diagnosis should be considered for diarrhea that does not improve [see Adverse Reactions (6.2) ]. Patients should use the lowest dose and shortest duration of PPI therapy appropriate to the condition being treated. Clostridium difficile -associated diarrhea (CDAD) has been reported with use of nearly all antibacterial agents. For more information specific to antibacterial agents (clarithromycin and amoxicillin) indicated for use in combination with omeprazole, refer to Warnings and Precautions sections of the corresponding prescribing information. 5.4 Bone Fracture Several published observational studies suggest that proton pump inhibitor (PPI) therapy may be associated with an increased risk for osteoporosis-related fractures of the hip, wrist, or spine. The risk of fracture was increased in patients who received high-dose, defined as multiple daily doses, and long-term PPI therapy (a year or longer). Patients should use the lowest dose and shortest duration of PPI therapy appropriate to the condition being treated. Patients at risk for osteoporosis-related fractures should be managed according to established treatment guidelines [see Dosage and Administration (2.1) , Adverse Reactions (6.3) ]. 5.5 Cutaneous and Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Cutaneous lupus erythematosus (CLE) and systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) have been reported in patients taking PPIs, including omeprazole. These events have occurred as both new onset and an exacerbation of existing autoimmune disease. The majority of PPI-induced lupus erythematosus cases were CLE. The most common form of CLE reported in patients treated with PPIs was subacute CLE (SCLE) and occurred within weeks to years after continuous drug therapy in patients ranging from infants to the elderly. Generally, histological findings were observed without organ involvement. Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is less commonly reported than CLE in patients receiving PPIs. PPI associated SLE is usually milder than non-drug induced SLE. Onset of SLE typically occurred within days to years after initiating treatment primarily in patients ranging from young adults to the elderly. The majority of patients presented with rash; however, arthralgia and cytopenia were also reported. Avoid administration of PPIs for longer than medically indicated. If signs or symptoms consistent with CLE or SLE are noted in patients receiving omeprazole, discontinue the drug and refer the patient to the appropriate specialist for evaluation. Most patients improve with discontinuation of the PPI alone in 4 to 12 weeks. Serological testing (e.g., ANA) may be positive and elevated serological test results may take longer to resolve than clinical manifestations. 5.6 Interaction with Clopidogrel Avoid concomitant use of omeprazole with clopidogrel. Clopidogrel is a prodrug. Inhibition of platelet aggregation by clopidogrel is entirely due to an active metabolite. The metabolism of clopidogrel to its active metabolite can be impaired by use with concomitant medications, such as omeprazole, that inhibit CYP2C19 activity. Concomitant use of clopidogrel with 80 mg omeprazole reduces the pharmacological activity of clopidogrel, even when administered 12 hours apart. When using omeprazole, consider alternative anti-platelet therapy [see Drug Interactions (7) and Clinical Pharmacology (12.3) ]. 5.7 Cyanocobalamin (Vitamin B-12) Deficiency Daily treatment with any acid-suppressing medications over a long period of time (e.g., longer than 3 years) may lead to malabsorption of cyanocobalamin (vitamin B-12) caused by hypo- or achlorhydria. Rare reports of cyanocobalamin deficiency occurring with acid-suppressing therapy have been reported in the literature. This diagnosis should be considered if clinical symptoms consistent with cyanocobalamin deficiency are observed in patients treated with omeprazole. 5.8 Hypomagnesemia Hypomagnesemia, symptomatic and asymptomatic, has been reported rarely in patients treated with PPIs for at least three months, in most cases after a year of therapy. Serious adverse events include tetany, arrhythmias, and seizures. In most patients, treatment of hypomagnesemia required magnesium replacement and discontinuation of the PPI. For patients expected to be on prolonged treatment or who take PPIs with medications such as digoxin or drugs that may cause hypomagnesemia (e.g., diuretics), health care professionals may consider monitoring magnesium levels prior to initiation of PPI treatment and periodically [see Adverse Reactions (6.3) ]. 5.9 Interaction with St John’s Wort or Rifampin Drugs which induce CYP2C19 or CYP3A4 (such as St. John’s Wort or rifampin) can substantially decrease omeprazole concentrations [see Drug Interactions (7) ]. Avoid concomitant use of omeprazole with St. John’s Wort or rifampin. 5.10 Interactions with Diagnostic Investigations for Neuroendocrine Tumors Serum chromogranin A (CgA) levels increase secondary to drug-induced decreases in gastric acidity. The increased CgA level may cause false positive results in diagnostic investigations for neuroendocrine tumors. Healthcare providers should temporarily stop omeprazole treatment at least 14 days before assessing CgA levels and consider repeating the test if initial CgA levels are high. If serial tests are performed (e.g., for monitoring), the same commercial laboratory should be used for testing, as reference ranges between tests may vary [see Drug Interactions (7) ]. 5.11 Interaction with Methotrexate Literature suggests that concomitant use of PPIs with methotrexate (primarily at high dose) may elevate and prolong serum levels of methotrexate and/or its metabolite, possibly leading to methotrexate toxicities. In high-dose methotrexate administration a temporary withdrawal of the PPI may be considered in some patients [see Drug Interactions (7) ]. 5.12 Fundic Gland Polyps PPI use is associated with an increased risk of fundic gland polyps that increases with long-term use, especially beyond one year. Most PPIs users who developed fundic gland polyps were asymptomatic and fundic gland polyps were identified incidentally on endoscopy. Use the shortest duration of PPI therapy appropriate to the condition being treated. 5.12 Fundic Gland Polyps PPI use is associated with an increased risk of fundic gland polyps that increases with long-term use, especially beyond one year. Most PPIs users who developed fundic gland polyps were asymptomatic and fundic gland polyps were identified incidentally on endoscopy. Use the shortest duration of PPI therapy appropriate to the condition being treated.

Contraindications: 4 CONTRAINDICATIONS • Omeprazole is contraindicated in patients with known hypersensitivity to substituted benzimidazoles or to any component of the formulation. Hypersensitivity reactions may include anaphylaxis, anaphylactic shock, angioedema, bronchospasm, interstitial nephritis, and urticaria [see Warnings and Precautions (5.2) , Adverse Reactions (6) ]. • Proton pump inhibitors (PPIs), including omeprazole, are contraindicated in patients receiving rilpivirine-containing products [see Drug Interactions (7) ]. • For information about contraindications of antibacterial agents (clarithromycin and amoxicillin) indicated in combination with omeprazole, refer to the CONTRAINDICATIONS section of their package inserts. • Patients with known hypersensitivity to substituted benzimidazoles or any component of the formulation. (4) • Patients receiving rilpivirine-containing products. ( 4 , 7 ) • Refer to the Contraindications section of the prescribing information for clarithromycin and amoxicillin, when administered in combination with omeprazole. (4)