Drug: Omeprazole

Generic name: OMEPRAZOLE

Manufacturer: Proficient Rx LP

Established pharmacologic class: Proton Pump Inhibitor [EPC]

Mechanism class: Proton Pump Inhibitors [MoA]

Indications: 1 INDICATIONS AND USAGE Omeprazole is a proton pump inhibitor indicated for: • Treatment in adults of duodenal ulcer ( 1.1 ) and gastric ulcer ( 1.2 ) • Treatment in adults and children of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) ( 1.3 ) and maintenance of healing of erosive esophagitis ( 1.4 ) The safety and effectiveness of omeprazole in pediatric patients <1 year of age have not been established. ( 8.4 ) 1.1 Duodenal Ulcer (adults) Omeprazole delayed-release capsules, USP are indicated for short-term treatment of active duodenal ulcer in adults. Most patients heal within four weeks. Some patients may require an additional four weeks of therapy. Omeprazole delayed-release capsules, USP, in combination with clarithromycin and amoxicillin, are indicated for treatment of patients with H. pylori infection and duodenal ulcer disease (active or up to 1-year history) to eradicate H. pylori in adults. Omeprazole delayed-release capsules, USP, in combination with clarithromycin are indicated for treatment of patients with H. pylori infection and duodenal ulcer disease to eradicate H. pylori in adults. Eradication of H. pylori has been shown to reduce the risk of duodenal ulcer recurrence [ see Clinical Studies (14.1 ) and Dosage and Administration (2) ]. Among patients who fail therapy, omeprazole delayed-release capsules with clarithromycin are more likely to be associated with the development of clarithromycin resistance as compared with triple therapy. In patients who fail therapy, susceptibility testing should be done. If resistance to clarithromycin is demonstrated or susceptibility testing is not possible, alternative antimicrobial therapy should be instituted. [ See Microbiology section (12.4) ], and the clarithromycin package insert, Microbiology section.) 1.2 Gastric Ulcer (adults) Omeprazole delayed-release capsules, USP are indicated for short-term treatment (4 to 8 weeks) of active benign gastric ulcer in adults. [ See Clinical Studies (14.2) ] 1.3 Treatment of Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease (GERD) (adults and pediatric patients) Symptomatic GERD Omeprazole delayed-release capsules, USP are indicated for the treatment of heartburn and other symptoms associated with GERD in pediatric patients and adults. Erosive Esophagitis Omeprazole delayed-release capsules, USP are indicated for the short-term treatment (4 to 8 weeks) of erosive esophagitis that has been diagnosed by endoscopy in pediatric patients and adults. [ See Clinical Studies (14.4) ] The efficacy of omeprazole delayed-release capsules, USP used for longer than 8 weeks in these patients has not been established. If a patient does not respond to 8 weeks of treatment, an additional 4 weeks of treatment may be given. If there is recurrence of erosive esophagitis or GERD symptoms (e.g., heartburn), additional 4 to 8 week courses of omeprazole may be considered. 1.4 Maintenance of Healing of Erosive Esophagitis (adults) Omeprazole delayed-release capsules, USP are indicated to maintain healing of erosive esophagitis in pediatric patients and adults. Controlled studies do not extend beyond 12 months. [ See Clinical Studies (14.4) ] 1.5 Pathological Hypersecretory Conditions Omeprazole delayed-release capsules, USP are indicated for the long-term treatment of pathological hypersecretory conditions (e.g., Zollinger-Ellison syndrome, multiple endocrine adenomas and systemic mastocytosis) in adults.

Mechanism of action: 12.1 Mechanism of Action Omeprazole belongs to a class of antisecretory compounds, the substituted benzimidazoles, that suppress gastric acid secretion by specific inhibition of the H + /K + ATPase enzyme system at the secretory surface of the gastric parietal cell. Because this enzyme system is regarded as the acid (proton) pump within the gastric mucosa, omeprazole has been characterized as a gastric acid-pump inhibitor, in that it blocks the final step of acid production. This effect is dose-related and leads to inhibition of both basal and stimulated acid secretion irrespective of the stimulus. Animal studies indicate that after rapid disappearance from plasma, omeprazole can be found within the gastric mucosa for a day or more.

Warnings and precautions: 5 WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS Symptomatic response does not preclude the presence of gastric malignancy ( 5.1 ) Atrophic gastritis: has been noted with long-term therapy ( 5.2 ) PPI therapy may be associated with increased risk of Clostridium difficile associated diarrhea. ( 5.3 ) Avoid concomitant use of omeprazole with clopidogrel. ( 5.4 ) Bone Fracture: Long-term and multiple daily dose PPI therapy may be associated with an increased risk for osteoporosis-related fractures of the hip, wrist or spine. ( 5.5 ) Hypomagnesemia has been reported rarely with prolonged treatment with PPIs ( 5.6 ) Avoid concomitant use of omeprazole with St John’s Wort or rifampin due to the potential reduction in omeprazole concentrations ( 5.7 , 7.3 ) Interactions with diagnostic investigations for Neuroendocrine Tumors: Increases in intragastric pH may result in hypergastrinemia and enterochromaffin-like cell hyperplasia and increased Choromogranin A levels which may interfere with diagnostic investigations for neuroendocrine tumors. ( 5.8 , 12.2 ) 5.1 Concomitant Gastric Malignancy Symptomatic response to therapy with omeprazole does not preclude the presence of gastric malignancy. 5.2 Atrophic Gastritis Atrophic gastritis has been noted occasionally in gastric corpus biopsies from patients treated long-term with omeprazole. 5.3 Clostridium difficile associated diarrhea Published observational studies suggest that PPI therapy like omeprazole may be associated with an increased risk of Clostridium difficile associated diarrhea, especially in hospitalized patients. This diagnosis should be considered for diarrhea that does not improve [ see Adverse Reactions (6.2) ]. Patients should use the lowest dose and shortest duration of PPI therapy appropriate to the condition being treated. Clostridium difficile associated diarrhea (CDAD) has been reported with use of nearly all antibacterial agents. For more information specific to antibacterial agents (clarithromycin and amoxicillin) indicated for use in combination with omeprazole, refer to WARNINGS and PRECAUTIONS sections of those package inserts. 5.4 Interaction with Clopidogrel Avoid concomitant use of omeprazole with clopidogrel. Clopidogrel is a prodrug. Inhibition of platelet aggregation by clopidogrel is entirely due to an active metabolite. The metabolism of clopidogrel to its active metabolite can be impaired by use with concomitant medications, such as omeprazole, that inhibit CYP2C19 activity. Concomitant use of clopidogrel with 80 mg omeprazole reduces the pharmacological activity of clopidogrel, even when administered 12 hours apart. When using omeprazole, consider alternative anti-platelet therapy [ see Drug Interactions (7.3) and Pharmacokinetics (12.3) ]. 5.5 Bone Fracture Several published observational studies suggest that proton pump inhibitor (PPI) therapy may be associated with an increased risk for osteoporosis-related fractures of the hip, wrist, or spine. The risk of fracture was increased in patients who received high-dose, defined as multiple daily doses, and long-term PPI therapy (a year or longer). Patients should use the lowest dose and shortest duration of PPI therapy appropriate to the condition being treated. Patients at risk for osteoporosis-related fractures should be managed according to established treatment guidelines. [ see Dosage and Administration (2) and Adverse Reactions (6.3) ] 5.6 Hypomagnesemia Hypomagnesemia, symptomatic and asymptomatic, has been reported rarely in patients treated with PPIs for at least three months, in most cases after a year of therapy. Serious adverse events include tetany, arrhythmias, and seizures. In most patients, treatment of hypomagnesemia required magnesium replacement and discontinuation of the PPI. For patients expected to be on prolonged treatment or who take PPIs with medications such as digoxin or drugs that may cause hypomagnesemia (e.g., diuretics), health care professionals may consider monitoring magnesium levels prior to initiation of PPI treatment and periodically. [ See Adverse Reactions (6.3) ] 5.7 Concomitant Use of Omeprazole with St John’s Wort or Rifampin Drugs which induce CYP2C19 or CYP3A4 (such as St John’s Wort or rifampin) can substantially decrease omeprazole concentrations. [ See Drug Interactions (7.3) ]. Avoid concomitant use of omeprazole with St John’s Wort or rifampin. 5.8 Interactions with Diagnostic Investigations for Neuroendocrine Tumors Serum chromogranin A (CgA) levels increase secondary to drug-induced decreases in gastric acidity. The increased CgA level may cause false positive results in diagnostic investigations for neuroendocrine tumors. Providers should temporarily stop omeprazole treatment before assessing CgA levels and consider repeating the test if initial CgA levels are high. If serial tests are performed (e.g. for monitoring), the same commercial laboratory should be used for testing, as reference ranges between tests may vary. 5.9 Concomitant use of Omeprazole with Methotrexate Literature suggests that concomitant use of PPIs with methotrexate (primarily at high dose; see methotrexate prescribing information) may elevate and prolong serum levels of methotrexate and/or its metabolite, possibly leading to methotrexate toxicities. In high-dose methotrexate administration a temporary withdrawal of the PPI may be considered in some patients. [ See Drug Interactions ( 7.7 ) ]

Contraindications: 4 CONTRAINDICATIONS Omeprazole delayed-release capsules are contraindicated in patients with known hypersensitivity to substituted benzimidazoles or to any component of the formulation. Hypersensitivity reactions may include anaphylaxis, anaphylactic shock, angioedema, bronchospasm, interstitial nephritis, and urticaria [ See Adverse Reactions (6) ]. For information about contraindications of antibacterial agents (clarithromycin and amoxicillin) indicated in combination with omeprazole, refer to the CONTRAINDICATIONS section of their package inserts. Known hypersensitivity to any component of the formulation or substituted benzimidazoles (angioedema and anaphylaxis have occurred) ( 4 )