Drug: RYDAPT

Manufacturer: Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation

Established pharmacologic class: Kinase Inhibitor [EPC]

Mechanism class: Receptor Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors [MoA]

Indications: 1 INDICATIONS AND USAGE RYDAPT is a kinase inhibitor indicated for the treatment of adult patients with: Newly diagnosed acute myeloid leukemia (AML) that is FLT3 mutation-positive as detected by an FDA-approved test, in combination with standard cytarabine and daunorubicin induction and cytarabine consolidation. ( 1.1 ) Limitations of Use: RYDAPT is not indicated as a single-agent induction therapy for the treatment of patients with AML. Aggressive systemic mastocytosis (ASM), systemic mastocytosis with associated hematological neoplasm (SM-AHN), or mast cell leukemia (MCL). ( 1.2 ) 1.1 Acute Myeloid Leukemia RYDAPT is indicated in combination with standard cytarabine and daunorubicin induction and cytarabine consolidation chemotherapy, for the treatment of adult patients with newly diagnosed acute myeloid leukemia (AML) who are FLT3 mutation-positive, as detected by an FDA approved test [see Dosage and Administration (2.1), Clinical Studies (14.1)]. Limitations of Use RYDAPT is not indicated as a single-agent induction therapy for the treatment of patients with AML. 1.2 Systemic Mastocytosis RYDAPT is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with aggressive systemic mastocytosis (ASM), systemic mastocytosis with associated hematological neoplasm (SM-AHN), or mast cell leukemia (MCL).

Mechanism of action: 12.1 Mechanism of Action Midostaurin is a small molecule that inhibits multiple receptor tyrosine kinases. In vitro biochemical or cellular assays have shown that midostaurin or its major human active metabolites CGP62221 and CGP52421 inhibit the activity of wild type FLT3, FLT3 mutant kinases (ITD and TKD), KIT (wild type and D816V mutant), PDGFRα/β, as well as members of the serine/threonine kinase PKC (protein kinase C) family. Midostaurin demonstrated the ability to inhibit FLT3 receptor signaling and cell proliferation, and it induced apoptosis in leukemic cells expressing ITD and TKD mutant FLT3 receptors or overexpressing wild type FLT3 and PDGF receptors. Midostaurin also demonstrated the ability to inhibit KIT signaling, cell proliferation and histamine release and induce apoptosis in mast cells.

Warnings and precautions: 5 WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS Embryo-Fetal Toxicity : RYDAPT may cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Advise of the potential risk to a fetus. ( 5.1 , 8.1 ) Pulmonary Toxicity : Monitor for symptoms of interstitial lung disease or pneumonitis. Discontinue RYDAPT in patients with signs or symptoms of pulmonary toxicity. Fatal cases have occurred. ( 5.2 ) 5.1 Embryo-Fetal Toxicity Based on its mechanism of action and findings from animal reproduction studies, RYDAPT may cause fetal harm when administered to pregnant women. In animal studies, midostaurin caused embryo-fetal toxicities, including late embryo-fetal death and reduced fetal birth weight, with delays in fetal growth at doses lower than the recommended human dose. Advise pregnant women of the potential risk to the fetus. Verify the pregnancy status of females of reproductive potential within 7 days prior to initiating RYDAPT therapy. Advise females of reproductive potential to use effective contraception during treatment with RYDAPT and for 4 months after the last dose. Advise males with female partners of reproductive potential to use effective contraception during treatment with RYDAPT and for 4 months after the last dose [see Use in Specific Populations (8.1, 8.3), Clinical Pharmacology (12.1)] . 5.2 Pulmonary Toxicity Cases of interstitial lung disease and pneumonitis, some fatal, have occurred in patients treated with RYDAPT as monotherapy or with chemotherapy. Monitor patients for pulmonary symptoms. Discontinue RYDAPT in patients who experience signs or symptoms of interstitial lung disease or pneumonitis without an infectious etiology. 5.3 Risk of Prolonged Severe Neutropenia and Thrombocytopenia in Pediatric Patients Treated With Combination Chemotherapy Prolonged Grade 4 neutropenia and thrombocytopenia occurred in two pediatric patients with AML who received an unapproved formulation of midostaurin in combination with chemotherapy, including anthracyclines, fludarabine, and cytarabine; these two patients were coadministered an azole antifungal (a strong CYP3A4 inhibitor), which may increase midostaurin concentrations and subsequently, the risk of toxicity [see Drug Interactions (7.1), Use in Specific Populations (8.4)] . The safety and effectiveness of RYDAPT in pediatric patients have not been established.

Contraindications: 4 CONTRAINDICATIONS RYDAPT is contraindicated in patients with hypersensitivity to midostaurin or to any of the excipients [see Description (11)]. Hypersensitivity reactions have included anaphylactic shock, dyspnea, flushing, chest pain, and angioedema (e.g., swelling of the airways or tongue, with or without respiratory impairment) [see Adverse Reactions (6.1)]. Hypersensitivity to midostaurin or any of the excipients. ( 4 )