Drug: BKEMV

Generic name: ECULIZUMAB-AEEB

Manufacturer: Amgen Inc

Established pharmacologic class: Complement Inhibitor [EPC]

Mechanism class: Complement Inhibitors [MoA]

Indications: 1 INDICATIONS AND USAGE BKEMV is a complement inhibitor indicated for: The treatment of patients with paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH) to reduce hemolysis. ( 1.1 ) The treatment of patients with atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome (aHUS) to inhibit complement-mediated thrombotic microangiopathy. ( 1.2 ) Limitation of Use BKEMV is not indicated for the treatment of patients with Shiga toxin E. coli related hemolytic uremic syndrome (STEC-HUS). The treatment of generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) in adult patients who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibody positive. ( 1.3 ) The treatment of neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder (NMOSD) in adult patients who are anti-aquaporin-4 (AQP4) antibody positive. ( 1.4 ) 1.1 Paroxysmal Nocturnal Hemoglobinuria (PNH) BKEMV is indicated for the treatment of patients with paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH) to reduce hemolysis. 1.2 Atypical Hemolytic Uremic Syndrome (aHUS) BKEMV is indicated for the treatment of patients with atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome (aHUS) to inhibit complement-mediated thrombotic microangiopathy. Limitation of Use BKEMV is not indicated for the treatment of patients with Shiga toxin E. coli related hemolytic uremic syndrome (STEC-HUS). 1.3 Generalized Myasthenia Gravis (gMG) BKEMV is indicated for the treatment of generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) in adult patients who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibody positive. 1.4 Neuromyelitis Optica Spectrum Disorder (NMOSD) BKEMV is indicated for the treatment of neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder (NMOSD) in adult patients who are anti-aquaporin-4 (AQP4) antibody positive.

Mechanism of action: 12.1 Mechanism of Action Eculizumab-aeeb, the active ingredient in BKEMV, is a monoclonal antibody that specifically binds to the complement protein C5 with high affinity, thereby inhibiting its cleavage to C5a and C5b and preventing the generation of the terminal complement complex C5b-9. Eculizumab products inhibit terminal complement-mediated intravascular hemolysis in PNH patients and complement-mediated thrombotic microangiopathy (TMA) in patients with aHUS. The precise mechanism by which eculizumab products exert their therapeutic effect in gMG patients is unknown, but is presumed to involve reduction of terminal complement complex C5b-9 deposition at the neuromuscular junction. The precise mechanism by which eculizumab products exert their therapeutic effect in NMOSD is unknown, but is presumed to involve inhibition of aquaporin-4-antibody induced terminal complement C5b-9 deposition.

Boxed warning: WARNING: SERIOUS MENINGOCOCCAL INFECTIONS Eculizumab products, complement inhibitors, increase the risk of serious infections caused by Neisseria meningitidis [see Warnings and Precautions (5.1) ] . Life-threatening and fatal meningococcal infections have occurred in patients treated with complement inhibitors. These infections may become rapidly life-threatening or fatal if not recognized and treated early. Complete or update vaccination for meningococcal bacteria (for serogroups A, C, W, Y, and B) at least 2 weeks prior to the first dose of BKEMV, unless the risks of delaying therapy with BKEMV outweigh the risk of developing a serious infection. Comply with the most current Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) recommendations for vaccinations against meningococcal bacteria in patients receiving a complement inhibitor. See Warnings and Precautions (5.1) for additional guidance on the management of the risk of serious infections caused by meningococcal bacteria. Patients receiving eculizumab products are at increased risk for invasive disease caused by Neisseria meningitidis , even if they develop antibodies following vaccination. Monitor patients for early signs and symptoms of serious meningococcal infections and evaluate immediately if infection is suspected. Because of the risk of serious meningococcal infections, BKEMV is available only through a restricted program under a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) called BKEMV REMS [see Warnings and Precautions (5.2) ] . WARNING: SERIOUS MENINGOCOCCAL INFECTIONS See full prescribing information for complete boxed warning Eculizumab products increase the risk of serious and life-threatening infections caused by Neisseria meningitidis . Complete or update meningococcal vaccination at least 2 weeks prior to the first dose of BKEMV, unless the risks of delaying BKEMV outweigh the risk of developing a serious infection. Comply with the most current Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) recommendations for meningococcal vaccination in patients receiving a complement inhibitor. ( 5.1 ) Patients receiving eculizumab products are at increased risk for invasive disease caused by N. meningitidis , even if they develop antibodies following vaccination. Monitor patients for early signs and symptoms of meningococcal infections and evaluate immediately if infection is suspected. ( 5.1 ) BKEMV is available only through a restricted program called BKEMV REMS. ( 5.2 )

Warnings and precautions: 5 WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS Use caution when administering BKEMV to patients with any other systemic infection. ( 5.3 ) Infusion-Related Reactions: Monitor patients during infusion, interrupt for reactions, and institute appropriate supportive measures. ( 5.6 ) 5.1 Serious Meningococcal Infections Eculizumab products, complement inhibitors, increase a patient's susceptibility to serious, life-threatening, or fatal infections caused by meningococcal bacteria (septicemia and/or meningitis) in any serogroup, including non-groupable strains. Life-threatening and fatal meningococcal infections have occurred in both vaccinated and unvaccinated patients treated with complement inhibitors. The initiation of BKEMV treatment is contraindicated in patients with unresolved serious Neisseria meningitidis infection. Complete or update meningococcal vaccination (for serogroups A, C, W, Y and B) at least 2 weeks prior to administration of the first dose of BKEMV, according to current ACIP recommendations for patients receiving a complement inhibitor. Revaccinate patients in accordance with ACIP recommendations considering the duration of therapy with BKEMV. Note that ACIP recommends an administration schedule in patients receiving complement inhibitors that differs from the administration schedule in the vaccine prescribing information. If urgent BKEMV therapy is indicated in a patient who is not up to date with meningococcal vaccines according to ACIP recommendations, provide the patient with antibacterial drug prophylaxis and administer meningococcal vaccines as soon as possible. Various durations and regimens of antibacterial drug prophylaxis have been considered, but the optimal durations and drug regimens for prophylaxis and their efficacy have not been studied in unvaccinated or vaccinated patients receiving complement inhibitors, including eculizumab products. The benefits and risks of treatment with BKEMV, as well as the benefits and risks of antibacterial drug prophylaxis in unvaccinated or vaccinated patients, must be considered against the known risks for serious infections caused by Neisseria meningitidis . Vaccination does not eliminate the risk of serious meningococcal infections, despite development of antibodies following vaccination. Closely monitor patients for early signs and symptoms of meningococcal infection and evaluate patients immediately if infection is suspected. Inform patients of these signs and symptoms and instruct patients to seek immediate medical care if these signs and symptoms occur. Promptly treat known infections. Meningococcal infection may become rapidly life-threatening or fatal if not recognized and treated early. Consider interruption of BKEMV in patients who are undergoing treatment for serious meningococcal infection, depending on the risks of interrupting treatment in the disease being treated. BKEMV is available only through a restricted program under a REMS [see Warnings and Precautions (5.2) ] . 5.2 BKEMV REMS BKEMV is available only through a restricted program under a REMS called BKEMV REMS, because of the risk of serious meningococcal infections [see Warnings and Precautions (5.1) ] . Notable requirements of the BKEMV REMS include the following: Prescribers must enroll in the REMS. Prescribers must counsel patients about the risk of serious meningococcal infection. Prescribers must provide the patients with the REMS educational materials. Prescribers must assess patient vaccination status for meningococcal vaccines (against serogroups A, C, W, Y and B) and vaccinate if needed according to current ACIP recommendations 2 weeks prior to the first dose of BKEMV. Prescribers must provide a prescription for antibacterial drug prophylaxis if treatment must be started urgently and the patient is not up to date with meningococcal vaccines according to current ACIP recommendations at least two weeks prior to the first dose of BKEMV. Healthcare settings and pharmacies that dispense BKEMV must be certified in the REMS and must verify prescribers are certified. Patients must receive counseling from the prescriber about the need to receive meningococcal vaccines per ACIP recommendations, the need to take antibiotics as directed by the prescriber, and the signs and symptoms of meningococcal infection. Patients must be instructed to carry the Patient Safety Card with them at all times during and for 3 months following treatment with BKEMV. Further information is available at www.BKEMVREMS.com or 1-866-718-6927. 5.3 Other Infections Serious infections with Neisseria species (other than Neisseria meningitidis ), including disseminated gonococcal infections, have been reported. Eculizumab products block terminal complement activation; therefore, patients may have increased susceptibility to infections, especially with encapsulated bacteria, such as infections with Neisseria meningitidis but also Streptococcus pneumoniae , Haemophilus influenzae , and to a lesser extent, Neisseria gonorrhoeae . Additionally, Aspergillus infections have occurred in immunocompromised and neutropenic patients. Children treated with eculizumab products may be at increased risk of developing serious infections due to Streptococcus pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae type b (Hib). Administer vaccinations for the prevention of Streptococcus pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae type b (Hib) infections according to ACIP recommendations. Patients receiving eculizumab products are at increased risk for infections due to these organisms, even if they develop antibodies following vaccination. 5.4 Monitoring Disease Manifestations after BKEMV Discontinuation Treatment Discontinuation for PNH Monitor patients after discontinuing BKEMV for at least 8 weeks to detect hemolysis. Treatment Discontinuation for aHUS After discontinuing BKEMV, monitor patients with aHUS for signs and symptoms of thrombotic microangiopathy (TMA) complications for at least 12 weeks. In aHUS clinical trials, 18 patients (5 in the prospective studies) discontinued eculizumab treatment. TMA complications occurred following a missed dose in 5 patients, and eculizumab was reinitiated in 4 of these 5 patients. Clinical signs and symptoms of TMA include changes in mental status, seizures, angina, dyspnea, or thrombosis. In addition, the following changes in laboratory parameters may identify a TMA complication: occurrence of two, or repeated measurement of any one of the following: a decrease in platelet count by 25% or more compared to baseline or the peak platelet count during BKEMV treatment; an increase in serum creatinine by 25% or more compared to baseline or nadir during BKEMV treatment; or, an increase in serum LDH by 25% or more over baseline or nadir during BKEMV treatment. If TMA complications occur after BKEMV discontinuation, consider reinstitution of BKEMV treatment, plasma therapy [plasmapheresis, plasma exchange, or fresh frozen plasma infusion (PE/PI)], or appropriate organ-specific supportive measures. 5.5 Thrombosis Prevention and Management The effect of withdrawal of anticoagulant therapy during eculizumab products treatment has not been established. Therefore, treatment with eculizumab products should not alter anticoagulant management. 5.6 Infusion-Related Reactions Administration of eculizumab products may result in infusion-related reactions, including anaphylaxis or other hypersensitivity reactions. In clinical trials, no patients experienced an infusion-related reaction which required discontinuation of eculizumab. Interrupt BKEMV infusion and institute appropriate supportive measures if signs of cardiovascular instability or respiratory compromise occur.

Contraindications: 4 CONTRAINDICATIONS BKEMV is contraindicated for initiation in patients with unresolved serious Neisseria meningitidis infection [see Warnings and Precautions (5.1) ] . BKEMV is contraindicated for initiation in patients with unresolved serious Neisseria meningitidis infection. ( 4 )