Drug: RYSTIGGO

Generic name: ROZANOLIXIZUMAB

Manufacturer: UCB, Inc.

Established pharmacologic class: Neonatal Fc Receptor Blocker [EPC]

Mechanism class: Neonatal Fc Receptor Blockers [MoA]

Indications: 1 INDICATIONS AND USAGE RYSTIGGO is indicated for the treatment of generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) in adult patients who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) or anti-muscle-specific tyrosine kinase (MuSK) antibody positive. RYSTIGGO (rozanolixizumab-noli) is a neonatal Fc receptor blocker indicated for the treatment of generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) in adult patients who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) or anti-muscle-specific tyrosine kinase (MuSK) antibody positive. ( 1 )

Mechanism of action: 12.1 Mechanism of Action Rozanolixizumab-noli is a humanized IgG4 monoclonal antibody that binds to the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn), resulting in the reduction of circulating IgG.

Warnings and precautions: 5 WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS Infections: Delay administration of RYSTIGGO to patients with an active infection. Monitor for signs and symptoms of infection in patients treated with RYSTIGGO. If serious infection occurs, administer appropriate treatment and consider withholding RYSTIGGO until the infection has resolved. ( 5.1 ) Aseptic Meningitis: Serious events of aseptic meningitis have been reported. Monitor for symptoms; diagnostic workup and treatment should be initiated according to the standard of care. ( 5.2 ) Hypersensitivity Reactions: Angioedema and rash have occurred. If a hypersensitivity reaction occurs, discontinue the infusion and institute appropriate therapy. ( 5.3 ) 5.1 Infections RYSTIGGO may increase the risk of infection [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) ] . Delay RYSTIGGO administration in patients with an active infection until the infection is resolved. During treatment with RYSTIGGO, monitor for clinical signs and symptoms of infection. If serious infection occurs, administer appropriate treatment and consider withholding RYSTIGGO until the infection has resolved. Immunization Immunization with vaccines during RYSTIGGO treatment has not been studied. The safety of immunization with live or live-attenuated vaccines and the response to immunization with any vaccine are unknown. Because RYSTIGGO causes a reduction in IgG levels, vaccination with live-attenuated or live vaccines is not recommended during treatment with RYSTIGGO. Evaluate the need to administer age-appropriate vaccines according to immunization guidelines before initiation of a new treatment cycle with RYSTIGGO. 5.2 Aseptic Meningitis Serious adverse reactions of aseptic meningitis (also called drug-induced aseptic meningitis) have been reported in patients treated with RYSTIGGO [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) ] . If symptoms consistent with aseptic meningitis develop, diagnostic workup and treatment should be initiated according to the standard of care. 5.3 Hypersensitivity Reactions Hypersensitivity reactions, including angioedema and rash, were observed in patients treated with RYSTIGGO [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) ] . Management of hypersensitivity reactions depend on the type and severity of the reaction. Monitor patients during treatment with RYSTIGGO and for 15 minutes after the administration is complete for clinical signs and symptoms of hypersensitivity reactions [see Dosage and Administration (2.3) ] . If a hypersensitivity reaction occurs, the healthcare professional should institute appropriate measures if needed or the patient should seek medical attention.

Contraindications: 4 CONTRAINDICATIONS None. None. ( 4 )