Drug: VYVGART Hytrulo

Generic name: EFGARTIGIMOD ALFA AND HYALURONIDASE (HUMAN RECOMBINANT)

Manufacturer: argenx US

Established pharmacologic class: Endoglycosidase [EPC]

Mechanism class: Neonatal Fc Receptor Blockers [MoA]

Indications: 1 INDICATIONS AND USAGE VYVGART HYTRULO is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with: generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) VYVGART HYTRULO is a combination of efgartigimod alfa, a neonatal Fc receptor blocker, and hyaluronidase, an endoglycosidase, indicated for the treatment of adult patients with: generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) ( 1 ) chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP) ( 1 )

Mechanism of action: 12.1 Mechanism of Action VYVGART HYTRULO is a coformulation of efgartigimod alfa and hyaluronidase. Efgartigimod alfa is a human IgG1 antibody fragment that binds to the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn), resulting in the reduction of circulating IgG. Hyaluronidase increases permeability of the subcutaneous tissue by depolymerizing hyaluronan. This effect is transient, and permeability of the subcutaneous tissue is restored within 24 to 48 hours.

Warnings and precautions: 5 WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS Infections: Delay administration of VYVGART HYTRULO to patients with an active infection. Monitor for signs and symptoms of infection in patients treated with VYVGART HYTRULO. If serious infection occurs, administer appropriate treatment and consider withholding VYVGART HYTRULO until the infection has resolved. ( 5.1 ) Hypersensitivity Reactions: Anaphylaxis, hypotension leading to syncope, angioedema, dyspnea, rash, and urticaria have occurred in patients treated with VYVGART HYTRULO or intravenous efgartigimod alfa-fcab product. If a hypersensitivity reaction occurs, the healthcare professional should institute appropriate measures if needed or the patient should seek medical attention. ( 4 , 5.2 ) Infusion/injection-Related Reactions: If a severe infusion/injection-related reaction occurs, initiate appropriate therapy; consider the risks and benefits of readministering. If a mild to moderate infusion/injection-related reaction occurs, consider rechallenging with close clinical observation, slower infusion/injection rates, and pre-medications. ( 5.3 ) 5.1 Infections VYVGART HYTRULO may increase the risk of infection. The most common infections observed in Study 1 were urinary tract infection (10% of efgartigimod alfa-fcab-treated patients compared to 5% of placebo-treated patients) and respiratory tract infections (33% of efgartigimod alfa-fcab- treated patients compared to 29% of placebo-treated patients) [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) and Clinical Studies (14) ] . A higher frequency of patients who received efgartigimod alfa-fcab compared to placebo were observed to have below normal levels for white blood cell counts (12% versus 5%, respectively), lymphocyte counts (28% versus 19%, respectively), and neutrophil counts (13% versus 6%, respectively). The majority of infections and hematologic abnormalities were mild to moderate in severity. Delay VYVGART HYTRULO administration in patients with an active infection until the infection is resolved. During treatment with VYVGART HYTRULO, monitor for clinical signs and symptoms of infections. If serious infection occurs, administer appropriate treatment and consider withholding VYVGART HYTRULO until the infection has resolved. Immunization Evaluate the need to administer age-appropriate vaccines according to immunization guidelines before initiation of a new treatment cycle with VYVGART HYTRULO. The safety of immunization with live vaccines and the immune response to vaccination during treatment with VYVGART HYTRULO are unknown. Because VYVGART HYTRULO causes a reduction in IgG levels, vaccination with live vaccines is not recommended during treatment with VYVGART HYTRULO. 5.2 Hypersensitivity Reactions In clinical trials, hypersensitivity reactions, including rash, angioedema, and dyspnea were observed in patients treated with VYVGART HYTRULO or intravenous efgartigimod alfa-fcab. Urticaria was also observed in patients treated with VYVGART HYTRULO. Hypersensitivity reactions were mild or moderate, occurred within one hour to three weeks of administration. Anaphylaxis and hypotension leading to syncope have been reported in postmarketing experience with intravenous efgartigimod alfa-fcab. Anaphylaxis and hypotension occurred during or within an hour of administration and led to infusion discontinuation and in some cases to permanent treatment discontinuation. Monitor for clinical signs and symptoms of hypersensitivity reactions for at least 30 minutes after administration [see Dosage and Administration (2.4) ] . If a hypersensitivity reaction occurs, the healthcare professional should institute appropriate measures if needed or the patient should seek medical attention. VYVGART HYTRULO is contraindicated in patients with a history of serious hypersensitivity to efgartigimod alfa products, to hyaluronidase, or to any of the excipients of VYVGART HYTRULO [see Contraindications (4) ] . 5.3 Infusion/Injection-Related Reactions Infusion-related reactions have been reported with intravenous efgartigimod alfa-fcab in postmarketing experience. The most frequent symptoms and signs were hypertension, chills, shivering, and thoracic, abdominal, and back pain. Infusion-related reactions occurred during or within an hour of administration and led to infusion discontinuation. If a severe infusion/injection-related reaction occurs, initiate appropriate therapy. Consider the risks and benefits of readministering VYVGART HYTRULO following a severe infusion/injection-related reaction. If a mild to moderate infusion/injection-related reaction occurs, patients may be rechallenged with close clinical observation, slower infusion/injection rates, and pre-medications.

Contraindications: 4 CONTRAINDICATIONS VYVGART HYTRULO is contraindicated in patients with serious hypersensitivity to efgartigimod alfa products, to hyaluronidase, or to any of the excipients of VYVGART HYTRULO. Reactions have included anaphylaxis and hypotension leading to syncope [see Warnings and Precautions (5.2) ]. VYVGART HYTRULO is contraindicated in patients with serious hypersensitivity to efgartigimod alfa products, to hyaluronidase, or to any of the excipients of VYVGART HYTRULO. ( 4 )