Drug: VYVGART

Generic name: EFGARTIGIMOD ALFA

Manufacturer: argenx US

Established pharmacologic class: Neonatal Fc Receptor Blocker [EPC]

Mechanism class: Neonatal Fc Receptor Blockers [MoA]

Indications: 1 INDICATIONS AND USAGE VYVGART is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG). VYVGART is a neonatal Fc receptor blocker indicated for the treatment of adult patients with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG). ( 1 )

Mechanism of action: 12.1 Mechanism of Action Efgartigimod alfa-fcab is a human IgG1 antibody fragment that binds to the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn), resulting in the reduction of circulating IgG.

Warnings and precautions: 5 WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS Infections: Delay administration of VYVGART to patients with an active infection. Monitor for signs and symptoms of infection in patients treated with VYVGART. If serious infection occurs, administer appropriate treatment and consider withholding VYVGART until the infection has resolved. ( 5.1 ) Hypersensitivity Reactions: Anaphylaxis, hypotension leading to syncope, angioedema, dyspnea, and rash have occurred. If a hypersensitivity reaction occurs, the healthcare professional should institute appropriate measures if needed or the patient should seek medical attention. ( 4 , 5.2 ) Infusion-Related Reactions: If a severe infusion-related reaction occurs, discontinue the infusion and initiate appropriate therapy; consider risks and benefits of readministering. If a mild to moderate infusion-related reaction occurs, consider rechallenging with close clinical observation, slower infusion rates, and pre-medications. ( 5.3 ) 5.1 Infections VYVGART may increase the risk of infection. The most common infections observed in Study 1 were urinary tract infection (10% of VYVGART-treated patients compared to 5% of placebo-treated patients) and respiratory tract infections (33% of VYVGART-treated patients compared to 29% of placebo-treated patients) [see Adverse Reactions (6.1) and Clinical Studies (14) ] . A higher frequency of patients who received VYVGART compared to placebo were observed to have below normal levels for white blood cell counts (12% versus 5%, respectively), lymphocyte counts (28% versus 19%, respectively), and neutrophil counts (13% versus 6%, respectively). The majority of infections and hematologic abnormalities were mild to moderate in severity. Delay VYVGART administration in patients with an active infection until the infection is resolved. During treatment with VYVGART, monitor for clinical signs and symptoms of infections. If serious infection occurs, administer appropriate treatment and consider withholding VYVGART until the infection has resolved. Immunization Evaluate the need to administer age-appropriate vaccines according to immunization guidelines before initiation of a new treatment cycle with VYVGART. The safety of immunization with live vaccines and the immune response to vaccination during treatment with VYVGART are unknown. Because VYVGART causes a reduction in IgG levels, vaccination with live vaccines is not recommended during treatment with VYVGART. 5.2 Hypersensitivity Reactions In clinical trials, hypersensitivity reactions, including rash, angioedema, and dyspnea were observed in VYVGART-treated patients. Hypersensitivity reactions were mild or moderate, occurred within one hour to three weeks of administration, and did not lead to treatment discontinuation. Anaphylaxis and hypotension leading to syncope have been reported in postmarketing experience with VYVGART. Anaphylaxis and hypotension occurred during or within an hour of administration and led to infusion discontinuation and in some cases to permanent treatment discontinuation. Monitor patients during administration and for 1 hour thereafter for clinical signs and symptoms of hypersensitivity reactions. If a hypersensitivity reaction occurs, the healthcare professional should institute appropriate measures if needed or the patient should seek medical attention. VYVGART is contraindicated in patients with a history of serious hypersensitivity to efgartigimod alfa products or to any of the excipients of VYVGART [see Contraindications (4) ] . 5.3 Infusion-Related Reactions Infusion-related reactions have been reported with VYVGART in postmarketing experience. The most frequent symptoms and signs were hypertension, chills, shivering, and thoracic, abdominal, and back pain. Infusion-related reactions occurred during or within an hour of administration and led to infusion discontinuation. If a severe infusion-related reaction occurs during administration, discontinue VYVGART infusion and initiate appropriate therapy. Consider the risks and benefits of readministering VYVGART following a severe infusion-related reaction. If a mild to moderate infusion-related reaction occurs, patients may be rechallenged with close clinical observation, slower infusion rates, and pre-medications.

Contraindications: 4 CONTRAINDICATIONS VYVGART is contraindicated in patients with serious hypersensitivity to efgartigimod alfa products or to any of the excipients of VYVGART . Reactions have included anaphylaxis and hypotension leading to syncope [see Warnings and Precautions (5.2) ] . VYVGART is contraindicated in patients with serious hypersensitivity to efgartigimod alfa products or to any of the excipients of VYVGART. ( 4 )